("I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions,", 'could not get it to pair again.')
('This is a simple little phone to use,', 'the breakage is unacceptible.')
('Buy a different phone -', 'not this.')
('This item worked great,', 'it broke after 6 months of use.')
('its a little geeky', 'i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.')
("I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks,", 'I really like it.')
('I know that sounds funny,', "to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.")
('I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product', 'I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.')
("I usually don't like headbands", "this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.")
('I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i', 'I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).')
('Only had this a month', "it's worked flawlessly so far.")
('Not only will it drain your player,', 'may also potentially fry it.')
('I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home,', 'you cant not hear anything.')
('It was an inexpensive piece,', 'I would still have expected better quality.')
('The microphone also works well,', '(according to people I have called) it applifies everything.')
('We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week -', 'still lasts longer than thereplacement')
('I have used several phone in two years,', 'this one is the best.')
('I might have gotten a defect,', 'I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.')
('My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive,', 'performance is great.')
('Perhaps my phone is defective,', 'people cannot hear me when I use this.')
('I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it,', 'the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.')
("All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months", 'this one seems to be in for the long haul.')
('Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on', 'later discarded because it scratched my ear.')
('I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone,', "i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!")
('They do not last forever,', 'is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.')
('When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug,', 'there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.')
('The charger arrived within the promised timeframe,', 'it did not work.')
('The handsfree part works fine,', 'then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.')
('Looks good in the picture,', 'this case was a huge disappointment!!')
('I have to use the smallest earpieces provided,', 'it stays on pretty well.')
('The design might be ergonomic in theory', 'I could not stand having these in my ear.')
("Can't store anything", 'phone numbers to SIM.')
('Cheap', 'hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.')
('I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one,', 'it has too many issues for me.The good')
('I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better', 'these things made it impossible to wear.')
('I tried talking real loud', "shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.")
("I have read other's reviews here", "I haven't had any problem with it.")
('I have only had it for a few weeks,', 'so far, so good.')
('My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK),', "my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.")
('This phone tries very hard to do everything', "fails at it's very ability to be a phone.")
('Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving,', 'the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  ')
('Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic,', "it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  ")
("The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well,", 'whether the line itself is any good.  ')
('It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy -', 'honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  ')
('I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim,', 'the writing in this movie made better selections.  ')
("If you want a movie that's not gross", 'gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  ')
('I love Lane,', "I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  ")
("This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything", 'the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  ')
('Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion,', 'teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  ')
('Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work,', "Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  ")
("You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak", 'the director gave them no action.  ')
("I couldn't think of a better way to end the film,", 'a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  ')
('But when someone strives for greatness and poetry,', 'delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  ')
("One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief,", 'the Slavic female character was just too much.  ')
('It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic', 'lovable nuts.  ')
('Started watching this', "didn't believe in any of the characters.  ")
("I don't know exactly what it is about this movie,", "we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  ")
('There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth,', "it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  ")
('I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation,', 'it was just stupid.  ')
('I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone', 'was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  ')
('Not too screamy not to masculine', 'just right.  ')
('The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie', 'is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  ')
('I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star -', "this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  ")
('I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director', "I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  ")
('It came free with a DVD player I bought', 'I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  ')
("I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one,", 'I believe this film is worth your time.  ')
("I wasn't expecting Oscar material,", 'this?  ')
('This is one I did not have,', 'I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  ')
('I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts,', 'the acting was as bad as the script.  ')
('I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was,', 'not scared at all.  ')
('Hackneyed writing, certainly,', 'made even worse by the bad directing.  ')
("I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down,", 'in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  ')
('I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith,', 'my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  ')
('This movie was kind of long in length,', 'I enjoyed every minute of it.  ')
('Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see,', 'those who do will remember it.  ')
("20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir", 'is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  ')
("While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now", 'which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  ')
('Both films are terrible,', 'to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  ')
("I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy,", "that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  ")
('This was reflected not only in the cast,', 'also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  ')
('The memories are murky', 'I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  ')
('In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing', 'nonsense.  ')
("It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci,", "the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  ")
("I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him,", 'George was well dull.  ')
('Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function,', "it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  ")
('Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl,', 'deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  ')
('Im big fan of RPG games too,', 'this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  ')
("Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin,", "he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  ")
("This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence,", 'rather, is about who presents better in court.  ')
('Predictable,', 'not a bad watch.  ')
('Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy,', 'that only enhanced the film.  ')
("You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie -", 'you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  ')
('Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief', 'memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  ')
('Call me a nut,', 'I think this is one of the best movies ever.  ')
("I won't spoil it,", 'the ending in pretty amazing.  ')
('The best scene in the movie is at the end,', "I won't spoil it.  ")
('At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain...', "there wasn't.  ")
("I'm so sorry", "I really can't recommend it to anyone.  ")
('The movie is not completely perfect', "'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  ")
("I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut,", 'the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  ')
('They are so easy to love,', 'even more easy to identify with.  ')
("It's a sad movie,", 'very good.  ')
('seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food,', 'do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.')
('The ripped banana was not only ripped,', 'petrified and tasteless.')
('I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur,', "I didn't use my common sense.")
('Kind of hard to mess up a steak', 'they did.')
('Worst service to boot,', 'that is the least of their worries.')
("We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi,", 'this place really hit the spot that night.')
('Nice blanket of moz over top', 'i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.')
('this was a different cut than the piece the other day', 'still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.')
('Restaurant is always full', 'never a wait.')
('Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews,', "I'm not inspired to go back.")
('Not a weekly haunt,', 'definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.')
('Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy', 'not lacking in quantity or flavor.')
('The food sucked, which we expected', 'it sucked more than we could have imagined.')
('I had heard good things about this place,', 'it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.')
('If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure,', 'on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.')
("I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots,", 'even from Jenni Pho.')
('I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers,', 'my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.')
('They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish,', 'it was still very good.')
('Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best,', 'all were great.')
('This place is like Chipotle,', 'BETTER.')
('I find wasting food to be despicable,', "this just wasn't food.")
('The dining space is tiny,', 'elegantly decorated and comfortable.')
('To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant...', 'nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.')
("I don't know what kind it is", 'they have the best iced tea.')
('I can take a little bad service', 'the food sucks.')
('First time going', 'I think I will quickly become a regular.')
("We've tried to like this place", "after 10+ times I think we're done with them.")
('Wow very spicy', 'delicious.')
('I am far from a sushi connoisseur', 'I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.')
('Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs', 'the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.')
("I don't each much pasta,", 'I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.')
('I guess maybe we went on an off night', 'it was disgraceful.')
('I swung in to give them a try', 'was deeply disappointed.')
('We got sitting fairly fast,', ' ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.')
('a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food,', 'somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.')
('I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great,', 'the service is fast and the food, impeccable.')
('This place has a lot of promise', 'fails to deliver.')
('The sweet potato tots were good', 'the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.')
('We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing,', 'was quickly disappointed.')
("I'm not sure how long we stood there", 'it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.')
('When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed,', 'not in a good way.')
("I don't have very many words to say about this place,", 'it does everything pretty well.')
('I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill,', 'unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.')
('I do love sushi,', 'I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.')
('I paid the bill', 'did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.')
('Some may say this buffet is pricey', 'I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!')
('I started this review with two stars,', "I'm editing it to give it only one.")
('They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm', 'no!')
('I could barely stomach the meal,', "didn't complain because it was a business lunch.")
("We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants", "I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!")
('The place was fairly clean', "the food simply wasn't worth it.")
('The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy,', "I wouldn't eat here again.")
("Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare,", "I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.")
('The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting,', 'more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.')
("I don't know what the big deal is about this place,", 'I won\'t be back "ya\'all".')
('I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager', 'I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.')
('It sure does beat the nachos at the movies', 'I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.')
