So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
What a waste of time!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Great charger.	1
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Great Value.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
doesn't last long.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Incredible!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Great phone!.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
fast service.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
poor quality and service.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Very good phone.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Great Phone.	1
Don't buy it.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Has been working great.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Low Quality.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Does not fit.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The delivery was on time.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great case and price!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Its a total package.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Great Product.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I am very happy	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Poor Construction.	0
This is infuriating.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Great phone.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Truly awful.	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Works well.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So just beware.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Does not fit.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
disappointing.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Would not reccommend.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Great product.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
This is a great deal.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
It was horrible!.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Great Phone.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Five star Plus, plus.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Good , works fine.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Great price, too!	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Does Not Work.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Battery has no life.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Good case!.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Really good product.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
dont buy it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
It looks very nice.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Just does not work.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
(It works!)	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Last time buying from you.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works fine.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Excellent!.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Best headset ever!!!.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Bad Reception.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Great phone.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
How stupid is that?	0
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Works for me.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Happy so far!.	1
cool phone.	1
Works good.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
nice leather.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
It is a joy to use.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Very satisifed with that.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Buttons are too small.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Love it.. Great armband.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
It's pretty easy.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Excellent product.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
Lousy product.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
don't waste your money.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
disappointed.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Qubec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
Awful.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The script iswas there a script?  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	0
I'll even say it again  this is torture.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
So bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Really bad.  	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
" I love it.  	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
I liked it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
It just blew.  	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichs to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichs thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
See it.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The script is bad, very bad  it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
It's just painful!  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
Go watch it!  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Don't miss it.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
It is not good.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
You wont regret it!  	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The transfers are very good.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
A standout scene.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani  particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
I am so tired of clichs that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Why was this film made?  	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
10/10  	1
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
She carries the movie well.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It's very slow.  	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Everything stinks.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman  and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Great movie!  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
Hated it.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The service was meh.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
We'll never go again.	0
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fianc and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
This place is amazing!	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
Everything was gross.	0
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
He was terrible!	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Caf before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Very, very sad.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it pured.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It was equally awful.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Food was below average.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
hey guys tommorow is the last day of my exams i'm so happy yay
never been this down on myself in my entire life.
 chick gets fucked hottest naked lady
i say we because i'm speaking collectively. i've always known. 2016 showed a lot.  and
wish we could talk
food time for haylie  hot chocolate for mummy  thank god it's friday!!!
tomorrow will be fun! seeing an old friend and then shooting something super fun:)
my granddaughter's 1st bihday is tomorrow.  going to pick her play house, little car, &amp; pool today.
  loving each other every day
i saw she's craying coz her baby so hard to breath     strong yeah baby god with (at kaika medical center)
blessed to hear morning chorus, good morning the people.   friday
aunti mi, where do you find this hilarious posts?  is nigeria not in enough trouble?
   greatbritain: all eyes on the skies as rafredarrows fly past the mall to say
i'm getting more hours at work for my training. i'm so
great to see you! look forward to welcoming you to digme
ya know guys, i was feeling stressed out after the donut thing. i just feel so happy when i know 96 followers are sticking with me.
she was just loving him and he just saw her as a temporary setup.
colourpop !!!
drive in to see grease &amp; footloose
water why?
4u nonhockey people. hockeys babe ruth died. gordie howe was beyond myth and legend. hockey has lost mr. hockey.
i just sent a msg to my aunt in peru and told her to wish my grandpa and uncles a happy father's day but didn't include my dad.
phil spencer criticizes sony? of course! what else would you do when you just got slapped in the face by sony's huge 40 million+ dick!
happy mother's day to ppl.
i love her
about to watch these movies alone
"i'm his princess."  me: i'm no one's princess...sadly.
laughing at the fact that all you mfz use this app to talk about what u feel inside for other people to see it haha
if you cut anyone with english dna in half you well find  written inside them.
when people are so old and bored they resolve to bullying others over twitter
i messed up my nails
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
kaya, but no class.
glad to live here, my   place
the price of a stolen payment-card record has dropped from $25 in 2011 to $6 in 2016. this is why ransomware is on the rise
it's been a while since the last time i drank hard liquor. now, with officemates!
how many more innocent people have to die while ceain politicians choose to ignore the hate and refuse to even discuss gun control
it's almost been a week since i saw the strokes i am
me see picture of dog today   smile face :) i tweet good now
sometimes it takes a while to realize how a person really fits in your life.   - a friend - soon to be boss
back to the day job for shane lowry!    more &gt;&gt;
not only am i third wheeling at cold stone right now, but i used a buy one get one free coupon on myself.
"simply assault" is equal to spitting on someone. authoritys got the charges all wrong. these guy will walk
cleveland fans look !
over 30,000 arrests daily in us;over 160,000 police-civilian encounters daily. shootings,"abuse" extremely rare,tho
now people judge you by colour and english accent ,
i'm guessing chip hills doesn't teach their kids how to spell....... mp might be just a little hard for u
i've got wine, v.happy!!
you are sleeping and i crying...
enslavement of animals is not okay.
it's so dark :(
so many hash tags
think happy. stay happy.
recognize &amp; acknowledge your relationships  god gives you what you need to succeed!
have no idea who she is but what a stupid comment to make. was she inviting response?  death is not a sideshow
when u rip off your front bumper of your mazzi on a curb   day buddy
still no women. wow so .
only staed reading about him the last few days, but first signing of the summer.
  fathers day... i love my dad.. may he live long ameennn.. my is my lifeee
chatter girls and guided chocies' alicia marcos birong will be on the radio sholy. click on the link below!
 , horse, maximus
the littlest things make me  .
god see you all.  u no wan hype father's day.  . smh
said it b4. world is encashing it, whereas india is loosing it's legacy due bickering &amp; politicisation of yoga
photos from last year  !
he says his dad made him a better dad. how can he say that when his dad gave up on his brother &amp; his niece/nephew?
now playing  :  joe bongiorno - " mystical" on     music song
why is it when i try to do something good for myself i always end up feeling like shit and hating myself?
tomorrow i sta planning for my niece or nephew's baby shower
resilience is your capacity to recover quickly from feeling deflated, don't beat your self with the past stay
refuse to bake a cake on your convictions and get convicted in cou.  sell aboed baby pas &amp; get rewarded.
it's not everybody that necessarily want to admit they liked gej. some are too ashamed to associate wt him
twitter has not been kind to me recently. i have been going on here ignored!
in one week exactly i'll be at edc
while bob marley sang songs of  and humanity most youths ths days knw him coz he used to smoke weed..
imagine being a grown man and wanting to be a hooligan.
i love my life and i'm lucky. i should give thanks for these facts more often.
specially trained officer stops two angry dogs without violence [video]
having to stay at my grandma's to help because she had surgery 2day, and she is crazy, plus i am without internet.
in the queue
 enjoying russian rock music while cleaning kitchen and making popcorn and lemonade.  yes, at 2:00am est.
fine, but williams is non relevant
happy anniversary to the crisafulli's.
if you want to be holy, be wholly committed to god. you will be   as a result.  - greg laurie
  happy father's day to all the great dads in nascar through the years: happy father's day. dale earnhar...
 ,happy day!
so much of this.
day 44:   to finally get to meet ms.yee this morning even though it was for a while only!
 sex videos sexy lady fucked hard pics
thinking about old friends and unfounate circumstances today. sending out love, good wishes, and hope for the future
  father's day  i don't have one.
just witnessed an 8 year old being a grandmother to tears with his huful words
since 1965 voting rights act dems have been blaming republicans 4 being biggots! new buzz word is racist!
takeaway ordered!!
so i'm starving to love right so i can see all my love ones in heaven!!
alas life isnt as easy as pressing  computer keys !!
1 of my biggest dream came true today.details coming tonight
you did more than say you were offended. you were insulting, yet now try to back out like a victim. white privilege
find your   place
see you at 100, america.
yeah....not just   ! haaaappppyyyyyy
where is your   place???
someone has to and it stas tomorrow
good user :d
udta punjab the film is circulating faster in my hostel than drugs in punjab
it's only 70 minutes left!
love my new rod!!
thread outlines the evolution of alt-right movement via russia, focusing on one member.
niggas would fck over they boy just to hit some pussy
first of todays bifolds fitted in watford  customer
: ) :  you decide!  happiness is all in the perception of the mind.  life flows where focus goes.   life
looking forward to meeting my baby boy in 12 hours!
  sex blonde bj naked
  to be launching our animal adoption today at our strawberry fayre
i find it so sad how celebrities that have a huge fandom and that are members of the lgbt community havent comment on the shooting
area man hates himself, blames twitter users for noticing he's a pos.
yellow bones girls on porn   hardcore tracks
i'm a side guy without a home
its a shame i cant watch 24h le mans on tv.  &amp;annoying
i'll be in sydney, from the usa, rooting for john scott while wearing a canadian jersey.
want to be  ?  |
that big warm shoulder to cry on   father's day
  friday  weekend working  fasting  (at bca)
first time that i'm taking the bus to work from the new house... let's see how this goes.
i'm back! lets sta twitting again!!
ghost adventures time fo macahur   nichole xx
eeek! week today until i pick up my furbaby!!!!
wow!  trumps crowd. half the size of bernie turned hillary suppoers crowd.
too many tools out there, same functions..
"i could make almost 100,000 a year in tennessee." "yeah, honey." "we can't stay here forever, not in west virginia." "i know."
wohoooo staup weekend sibu and staup weekend miri is coming in q3  yall! and mega staup sarawak end of this year!
"happy" by happy     lyrics
  bihday sexy girl adults hentai
they have found the child's body still intact, the only hope is that it can bring some closure for the family
why i didn't saw the hatchling's shos in the  birdsmovie? the reason is because i viewed the film earlier than it shall be. i'm  .
if you have family that causes problems in your relationships and pick on your friends for no reason. . .you have a horrific life.
controlled by love &amp; hip-hop and gangster rap music
i know that is one of "my squirrels" and the mate is nowhere to be found. :( mother nature was a bitch over night.
  father's day to all fathers and potential fathers.
after clinton's defeat, what's the path for future women presidential cands?  what?didnt lose bc of gender.
they still aren't seeing my messages...
housefull is all about the jokes v made on hindi movie's english subtitles!it feels good at the sta but repeated jokes make it
thank you, ahmed. god bless you
tattoos &amp; titles mean more to mental slaves than actions do
well i finally got an interview for a job. don't want to say were in case i don't get the job. let's hope my interview goes well.
just another day fresh off work ...   fathers day to all the real fathers... not you sperm
2016- white man can act like a kid on twitter is called passionate, but when a black man says he would win, he has an ego.
just got back the final mix of lost love the 1st release from my upcoming project
  coco reveals the secrets to keeping ice-t happy: "he needs his massages": you give him that time and h...
shit like this makes me so  ! 2 wrongs don't make a right but this is disgusting..  put all these...
today on the age newspaper!  &lt;little biography about myself and the food piqueos
that was fast
damn. what caused it?! man....so sad!
how joss stone saved a little boy slowly being turned into stone
are you living  ?  jenningswire
why it's only time for voter awareness during the election...
visiting my apament for the first time tomorrow
really wanted to win that joker statue
so, yeah -- i fear for our country this election.  none of the mainstream candidates are woh anything.
such a beautiful morning in alabama... it's a great day to create my video for youtube!!!
aw damn, i thought wwdc was today.
the best is yet to come only if u have faith   tbt guys
why anthony just called me a "nasty bitch" omg my feelings are so hu
pop! and just like that magic happened!
a happy day is one well lived
finally trying to do some music after watching many tutorials
  tweet. amid all the misery let me mention: 23-7 (and the series -v- the aussies) and murray 5 x champion. look for the positives!!
  happy hour of the week: cena modern italian restaurant: the caprese salad is $6 during happy hour, and...
orlando nightclub shooting: 50 killed in domestic terror incident at gay club; gunman identified
well today begins a new week. with new possibilities
it seems he has zero intellect to understand science
exit of a legend...... rest in peace coach amodu shaibu.
why do all of the good looking gfx forums have to have registration disabled? i need to find one to join so i can talk to other gfxers!
and you wonder why every year sucks? lol
magic words!...'your aussiebum order has been dispatched'.
got rid of 7 pairs of heels. moving onto boots now..  making space for these louboutin i want
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i'll sta to write down the names now.
5 days ago i told you all this series is over. i called the sweep but i was wrong....
and a shout out to all fathers out there.  fathers day....
another university caves to liberal whiners  this generation is pathetic, grow up
  father's day
starbucks makes my macchiato a small latte &gt; 50% of the time
time to right my wrongs. time to sta filling those knowledge and procedural gaps that my self-teaching experience has created.
that be the best except i need a s at the end   family
people don't know how to talk on the phone anymore smh
  liverpool's daniel sturridge happy to fight for england place at euro 2016: liverpool's daniel sturrid...
pougal so unlucky this tournament
nowadays, niggas messier than bitches
got my passpo now ready to go wherever i want
it's here!   treating myself to a saturday afternoon cuppa and half hour read!
you hit it right on the nail it's no way n the hell i'm agreeing to share !
spending my bihday with this handsome guy.
you always waiting on a damn text
england didn't win so they fight?
  tuesday po ingat
that would be 'culture' as shohand for 'brown skin': camber sands deaths blamed on victims' 'culture'
alabama county refuses to lower flag to honor orlando shooting victims. why has been lowered for enteainer
where is the waterfront at surulere?
did you know that mormons teach that you are born black because of sins in the previous existence!
  after sex sexy teen sandy fuck
it's new years eve. give  a rest.
fun! thanks for sharing your jumping joy :)
 herschberg: it's all about the     mysodotcom
hi there hope you are well and thank you very much for your suppo. a   friday and  weekend to you
good morning kenya   friday
soon i'll have couple of profit centers!and able to recruit some people as full time employees!
sad songs can actually cheer you up
chhhheeeeesseee  i come home to this face everyday
i allways was the naiv and good girl. people lie to me, hu me and used me. wish someone would hug me...
yea just got cheated on... and you fukkin blame me.. i don't understand just be loyal females!
donald your unfavorability rating is 70%
happy bihday jj   bihday jj
a mtf can have how many kids they want by their man, it's you bitches keeping these babies by other mtf men. just to make the next hu
fuck you cunt   :(
florida breaking my hea since 1998 - what a terrible week
i just bought a brand new chelsea jersey from one of my friends who orders the wrong size and didn't want to send it back
what a beautifull race, 8th place today! won the sprint of the second group, good sta i think
if you know me...you know i love me some mary poppins. and this quote is so true
i might buy a big girl car tomorrow and i'm
dont wanna go to sleep but work tomorrow. questioning my ability to prioritize my interests in music and my professional career
one very special person  fathers day
i finally got my anastasia beverly hills glow kit and the brow definer
any man can have kids but it takes a real man to raise his children   fathersday
i wanted to eat a slice this morning but i stopped myself.
  sex stories fatsex with teenage
  very . need to get out more.
welcome to my world
can't watch finding dory because i have to pick up my mom
it hits me. more often than not.
can't wait til next yr hihi
horrible news to wake up to. another senseless act of terror. prayers for all in the orlando shooting
boasty tuesday last night....
specially trained officer stops two angry dogs without violence [video]
  chef role come on, get happy!: are you ready to get really really happy! this is the last role you wil...
sharapova's 2 year ban from tennis is 4x longer is then the pathetic jail sentence for the stanford rapist brock turner.
it's a lovely day!    looking for a miracle
be so good they cant ignore you.    fathers day
massive disappointment. worst 2 hrs in trek history. nothing holds up. not "need my pain." not "god starship."
still an iphone not that deep lol
c'mon, get happy: 7 happy expressions defined by
life ain't always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride!
 naked woman fairy adult
10 fields to consider if you want to be your own boss
i didn't even know billy paul died this year. r.i.p to one of my favorite soul singers.
when ur bff think ur only nice when ur intoxicated
just beautiful...! looking forward to visiting again soon!
we used to have a domestic terrorism section in the fbi; it is now fractured because of the political correctness under obama
i think you know you've found the right one when you can have marilyn monroe films playing with a backdrop of him mixing house music!
"im a server, not your sex toy: some advice to the next dude who wants to comment on my looks"
feeling   for many many reasons today xxx it's a good feeling xxx
stalker like a motherfucker. even reads my s.
  hardcore sets naked leg spread
today was the sta of many new adventures
it's already been a week and i feel that the media already forgot orlando
all the new dates + courses, hot off the press!
i have everything so far right now i asked the universe for it might not be exactly how i want it but it feels absolutely amazing
bernie firing 95% staff today. meeting w obama tomorrow. if he shuts up sure they will have saudis pay campaign debt
  pussy indian sex girls
on my way to see my best friend from grade school
can't believe i just meet these guys at pride   pride
lol i just got a lemonade and shake from sonic:)
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
 video men and women malay teeny tiny anal sex
only group i wanna marginalize is isis....killing christians in a genocide over there, killing citizens here.
hoes gonna be hoes. that will never change.
saw mr. knab
chris brown tonight
only 741 retweets in over half a day   that's because gun owners like my hubby &amp; me don't respect your fanaticism
wow! can't believe i'm on people magazine!
now playing  :  oskar schuster - " les sablons" on     music song
shooting the hooch tomorrow!!!
all my life i was seeking for someone i can call my own..  ..!
  turkey will be happy with draw against spain at euro 2016: nice, france (ap) - turkey will be happy wi...
 it's vital to address porn's influence when discussing , sexual abuse, and demeaning language about women.
i can finally give david a proper bath !
happy father's day to all the amazing dads out there! can't wait to next year to celebrate with our little pea
book, bed, pj's.
when you think you are gonna get to tan/swim and then people f*** s*** up
popular youtuber adam saleh ejected from delta flight for speaking arabic
last basketball game .....
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
y'all gone stay in this lil town forever, without ever exploring you "getting money "to flex for people you knew all your life
no matter who you are, the world will still judge you for your color like these celebs were
i'm a pretty strong believer that guns don't kill people, people do. but the world is full of so many messed up people.....
of these years nought remains in memory but the sad feeling that we have advanced and only grown older. ~max muller
i need to stop answering my work phone when i am not on shift.  midnight service call has made me not create tasty food for today.
sometimes i forget it's summer and wonder why i don't have a backpack
fla...too beautiful... i cant find words more.... congrats! fla &amp; fabio...
wow, far fall for jack del rio
today is a good day to try to be happy :d.
"whoever is   will make others happy too."  anne frank
black girls are beautiful but then you have these that don't gaf about what they do and how they look &amp; niggas define y'all that way
see you tomorrow
good morning everyone.
when everyone is getting off work and you still got a solid 7 hour shift ahead of you
obamas former christian outreach director calls evangelicals misogynist, , islamophobes -
learning about mayte lara  &amp; larissa mainez's story, it's really sad how people don't care about individuals who strive to be great!
game 7 sunday, then the draft is next!
that's true.  i guess the college kids are all too stoned to show up now that they legalized pot.
dope summer song
i heard that the carnival is on sume lame shit this year
liiiikeeee: ain't no gator doin' for that baby what a gorilla might   *cough - tarzan - cough* - not the case here. smh.
  we happy few coming to xbox one preview next month: a long opening section for we happy few from compu...
  couple having sex big black women porn videos
 i only got a few friend an ex that will show they care so i take care of them.
why did i just saw this now
 fucking russian women xxx
is this your pick up line?
bet someone no ones ever gonna see my tweers ever
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
absolutely devastating. deputies: child dragged into water by gator near disney's grand floridian
why is that females continue to dislike you after y'all settle beef or whatever. they still will do anything to catch your attention.
povey pete may seem poor on the outside, but he he still can eat tacos. that makes him
oye shikari...full shikar mood e. u r looking gorgeous in the shikari song..tell shakib he is lookin brilliant.
she fuckin' with a fuckboy
live um 17:00 uhr: happy shooting info:  stream:   -shooting
the more u try to b perfect, is tha more ur flaws keep escaping! like maggots making their way out of corps
whenever the brain &amp; hea fight, it's always the liver who suffers!!  cheers!!
so   right now :) can't stop smiling! :)
i love my new job so so much!!!!
  making myself happy! have a good weekend :)
when there is no communication the world explodes
blind boy asked what is this music about? i answered that there is childrens dancing. he said "how nice" with happy face. that made me
family &amp; friends turning up again  this weekend  all good drink your money away, i'll be eating steak tomorrow
53 people lost there life lastnite i send prayer to all the families
a&amp;e cancels controversial unscripted series "escaping the kkk"
sirdabalot no sweat, we're happy to see it.
when fireworks look huge from over a mile and a half away, you know those are impressive fireworks
looks like fun
very sad news about labour mp jo cox. what is the world coming to when you think its right to stamp, stab, shot someone in the street.
there is no place like home!!
prepping for la/e3,  !
what a fab and exciting day!!! :)
wait, i aint buy a ticket for a show at vincy mas this year but done spends $100s on crop over events.  . there is still time. need $ tho
my hea hu!!!
and it's friday. this princess is going to enjoy ....  because that's what a princess does. :)
a stark reminder, if you build your biz, audience or content on a 3rd pay platform you're 100% exposed to risk!
yay, i'm so happy with google i could scream!
see how   leaders became crorepatis overnight... an ht expose
i'm drowning here and you're describing the water
oh you, tweeting only the most impoant life events :^)
aww you're adorable
ooh tattoo has been bought forward a week! 2 weeks today and i'll be spoing some new ink
 representations of women in men's alcohol ads blowjobs brutal
wish you all the happiest ramadhan    fasting  [pic]
chilling with my son   father's day
thank you for your kind words, meghan and the pic! this was the pa when i showed the audience my bald spot. :-)
smiling has a positive effect on racist and  first impressions -
age has little to do with it. people like donald trump don't "change" when they are foy either.
auschwitz survivor looking for twin not seen since 1945
she must have gone through her twitter feed after publishing that trashtastic aicle and blocked all of her critics
worst mass shooting in american history...
i am happy.
like what you hear? join us tonight for our summer conce!
one of those days where you remember what it feels like to be   and you forget about
gonna eat well in preparation for tomorrow!!   plus a potential employer wants my transcripts already so i'll pick that up tomorrow 2
planning my bihday week with my husband
today our work space becomes a casino!  !
only been back in melbs a few hours and already got a new job staing first thing tomorrow
when you want to talk to a real person and no one answers!
brian got busted telling his own lies....now he's completely useless as a credible journalist on all levels.
majority of people rather spend their lives promoting something or someone who is chasing their dreams instead of focusing on their own
only 30 days!!! thanks for the reminder!
oh your good!!!
imma be
i'm about to do something terrible.
saying rip makes sense for gordie howe. he was suffering. makes no sense for that christina gal, because she'd rather still be alive
disgusting behaviour. this is 'fun' to these sad bastards.
i'm an immigrant. this is not the usa i read about in history books nor does it rep hard wrkng americans i know.
  today in questionable golf attire: adam scott's happy gilmore-inspired collar: during the morning 18 i...
 this shocked me 2 cause my bar 4 vr wasnt low but my mindset for batmanvr was too much movement(dizzy), now
all in all great day at work! super evening with my dad
"people of color" is another way of saying colored. the leftist democrats never stopped being racist, they just reb
'ing yourself is like laughing at your own jokes
students graduating in 2016 have these 2 bookends to sta &amp; end their schooling: sandy hook as freshman, pride in orlando as seniors.
mfs already peaked lol
pretty sure someone in my neighborhood is playing one of the 24-hr versions of pharrel's "happy" and i am very much not...
holy crap, that cast!!
bxtches so use to being disrespected they don't know how to deal with a man that actually respects them.
wow i lost my earring that i had for over a year
if  pisses you off like it pisses me off, here's something you oughta know... this guy's a racist creep.
the only recent dms i have are between my writer and my rp account
watching the welsh rugby match early tomorrow morning in cardigan rugby club.
launching my new website in less than an hour
why not?
shoprite is tryna move all their soon to expire stock and black people be buying shit they don't even need..  at least it's not booze
hey guys thanks for the follow
back at the dentist. new set of toofy pegs today with any luck. yes i am a bit excited at this..
  pussy blonde bbw pussy
great. now i look like the asshole.
the greatest way to live with happiness is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.. sada khush raho  aameen.
but nothing about the violent anti-gay jihadi letting loose on them
trump calls senator warren "pocahontas" &amp; i just read the words "indian giver" in someone's tweet. wow, so much everyday racism...
brand new h o m e   o w n e r s
really? would you be so juvenile &amp; crass if your loved one was killed by an automatic weapon wielding nut?
more mental health awareness, is definitely needed.
when i feel   - recognizing, expressing &amp; managing anger. printable activity, color and b&amp;w ver
each moment of a   lover's hour is woh an age of dull and common life. -aphra behn
  father`s day to all father`s and to my father.:)
when the school "forgets" about your child during spos day and he doesn't get to run!! absolutely fuming and so upset for him!!  !
time to sleep now...  viking run tomorrow.
no spoilers!!!!   for teamreal book
a lot of men have a problem with a woman who doesn't need him. they'd rather her be desperately dependent so he feels accomplished.
  antique map of philadelphia pennsylvania 1876 delaware county
  couple having sex hairy pussy geting fucked
the first of my roses this year. in a couple of weeks i will collecting kilos for gulkand making.
  bihdaygs   bihdaygs   bihdaygs   bihdaygs   bihdaygs   bihdaygs
is this the very best you got?
thanks for not texting me back... " national best friends day to you too
trump is now limited to retweet trumpba positive stories as no one else has any.
what's wrong with this world?  why do so many people commit acts of violence, others joke about it &amp; the news makes it all top stories.
  couple having sex hardcore xxx pic
to go from loving someone with all your hea, to damn near hating them.
raining in here this morning.....  sunday
just another day in america...
must be that "thing" soros said if obama doesn't get it done, he'll "get someone who will!" heard it my ears.
i really wanted to have some cereal but there was only strawberry flavored milk.
he just plays one on tv.
deputies: gator dragged toddler into water near disney reso
the way today's world is headed, pretty soon you'll need a body guard to go grocery shopping.
new work + new environment?   haha thank you po for the oppounity.
"you'll not always hear what you wanna hear but what you need to hear"..  no debera de aplicar para sentimientos.
i quit! fuck this!
it's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine; its summer time.
staying up for the tony's - yay for being self-employed
so far, this film is excellent. a+!!
i'm so damn ready to see her live on stage
  lover  baby benjaa
  sharapova banned for 2 years over doping..
lol ... over stimulates..
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
worse than that is the fact they didn't even try to fight.  complicit lap dogs for the democrats!  !
can sad music make you feel  ?
that was before the england winner..
american horror story   this is why trump could slither onto the political stage.
first night sleeping without ry in i'm not sure how long and i am   :(
note to self, kat
4 more days!!! then we are finally going on vacation for the first time in 2 years
6 1/2 months  baby d is omost here
for marrying 20 year old guy against her wish! i mean wot is happening to us to the parents nd to the childrens!
best think i've ever heard about nicola sturgeon. so it can't be true.
may god comfo the families of the victims, lost or injured.
can't fucking wait for the new season   is an understatement
got my preorder in!
when a former liberal warrior becomes a sycophantic corporate shill.
a little pre-show homework ahead of first night of mike balett's latest.
niggas be attention whores.. !
i'm so sad that seventh-grade is almost over
lake tommorow w my girl
can't believe what happened in orlando...
you have one life to live. be   ________________________________________
 video men and women in bed without clothes sexy hairy women galleries
  sex blonde best way of having sex
so lfs celebrate parents day only after 5 years and the funny thing was that my parents didn't even turn up because they were too busy.
who lies about being pregnant when someone can't even get pregnant
but then again he wouldn't care if i did, he'd just say "i can just find another girl"
now playing  :  michael gettel - " aspens in january" on     music song
  that people don't know what the night sky looks like.
a $30,000 stock jeep is life goals?
free cherry popping porn   hardcore knight rider
it's so crazy to me that you can give someone so much suppo and love for who they are and what they do, yet never get anything back.
a healthy home, is a   home!
way to go cairo !!
damn straight eating cancer
great win welcome back t rex   days
yey!!!  thank you po^^
"rockin robin, tweet. when your tweets don't match up  "
my sister comes home tmrw which means i won't be seeing this beautiful face anymore
lets just say the hostas hedge is now complete.
so here i am thinking it's going to rain all day after looking at my weather app all week, &amp; now i wake up to the perfect beach day
  bihday sexy girl getting caught having sex in public
i am outrageously fli but not a sexual predator!  stupid  man. he made me feel guilty! im not him! asshole!
with 34 yrs in congress, john mccain, once a gutsy gop rebel, has long exceeded his shelf life.
i agree. i always bring posies!!! to huge arrangements that i design.
always be
2 house viewings booked for tomorrow eve
gonna bake tomorrow~
can't believe a guy was going to shoot this pride parade in long beach
one design has been done by me. (:  .
//here comes the 1000 train!
looking back and seeing all the people i had i middle school vs. now.
so happy about having no chemistry tomorrow
i am feeling the effects this morning but still buzzing
my sentiments exactly ... today is a beautiful day, sat on my balcony soaking the sun then pay tonight.
"be happy for no reason, like a child." ~  deepak chopra
i really don't want my mum to go back home tomorrow
 sex stories free soft core porn
:-)   sunday    young_man
media repo went exceptionally well! should be in print by next tuesday :).
  600 days purfles
all i have to do is submit my background check consent form, and i will have completed my application for my first guide dog ever.
if you're a middle aged man taking selfies in sun glasses wearing your best clobber you need to have a fkin word with yourself
i'm honestly a content little human right now
first real haircut in over 14 months.
&amp; on the note of ranting, the majority of those whom suffer won't mention it but those who use it as a trend just want the attention ..
wondering which type of discussion will be the worst in the upcoming week: islamophobia, homophobia or people clinging to their guns
now to wait till next pay to get my boxes for storage  lol heaps more space im my room now
barring extremely rare accidents,etc police use violence 2 defend themselves, black culture glorifies crime,violenc
i don't know which to choose
it's my last day with my favv, i don't wanna see her leave
staing the day in sacramento and will be in la by tonight. all unchaed territory from here til kansas city.
you don't know if you wanna beef or fwm
  bihday sexy girl boy shower with naked sexy girl
stay busy; age happily!
maybe it's not about the   ending, maybe it's about the story. learn more at
when someone says they love you,  every effo gets noticed therefore should be exploited! im afraid of what im seeing. i love my girl.
give him something to eat and ernie is  .
almost none.not enuf people care about honor, integrity or truth.if they did,we would not have trump v hillary
everyone: omg is it school day yet?!?!? so  !!! me:  me: summer na ba ulit???
  lake erie monsters lw brett gallant is happy to rejoin team: calder cup 2016: gallant is also happy th...
dreading the sound of my alarm in the morning
that moment when you buy some shoes online small size is 5.5 and they don't fit your feet bc they are big...
my father would rather watch the big bang theory reruns than talk to me... and i'm supposed to be the favorite daughter.
summeime make men more asshole's then they already r...
after a long and tiring day, i saw these posts and updates for aldub's movie and meng's song. idk why, but it is so rewarding.
you can retweet your own tweets   i can finally pretend i'm actually funny
i am not american but i can clearly see that donald trump will be the worst decision america will ever make should they vote for him.
5 days down,  4 or 5 more to go!!
flagging because you might be police.
great we're going to have a president who subtweets run this country, cannot wait to be bombed by other countries for a subtweet
  friday &amp; god bless  bill foreman
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
ordered both manny's palette and jeffree's lipstick
do what makes you you   be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
ppl quick to dick ride a mf that doesnt give 2 fucks about them but cant even suppo their real friends when theyre up &amp; coming
my makeup pre-orders will be arriving this month and next month!!! aaaahhhh!
saturday's may now sta at 6am, but they still contain caoons, chorizo, eggs and coffee.
holiday on sark booked - bring it on!!
found out that i made the b honor roll!
fear of muslims grips nc town that has hardly any  what "registered" w/this country is called being a
sighs. we won't get it right until we focus on the person.
...it was nice to be able to see a good, clear digital picture of what i was ordering, and to get it at a good price (inc. shipping).
france have had 2 recent terrorist attacks. the english "fans" will find the police totally unsympathetic
pretty sure i am going to finish season 4 of oitnb by tonight. my life is
nothing beats hanging with your yoga buddies
behind the most patriotic building in the entire bgc atm.
working hard to finally get a proper ep of some new original music to you guys. it's coming along brilliantly.
mumford and sons!
these niggas be aificial  &amp; these b* be down wit'em  !
sprints to ally's grad pay to see her of course and whitehouse &amp; missed whitehouse
when he's
mature boy sex video  black girl porn
last tweet she posted was a video telling everyone she was back home in orlando. to come out and show love, have a good time.
final exam for term 2 is done!! now final preparations can take place for canada tomorrow
the last two pas of my raleigh ti team restoration are ready to go into place
mark your calendars cause mosaic mississauga  is coming this august!!!!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  for me and for us of course  but even more for you ....
a bloody german , mp for the home of midlands cricket lecturing us on leaving the eu
the pic of my 9year old that u know who u r thought it would be cute to put a pic of shit on
so you don't think the cavs will win the finals anymore?
actually that's how we all act when we're looking for are phone in the morning!
tomorrow i'll facilitate a team building event with 50 persons.
hey, i saw that u are a workout fan, so i ask u to test my new app, it's known as "mytraining" on apple
we leave in 2 weeks and my mom is already packed for mexico
so tried
 mindsconsole: the biggest challenge in life is finding someone that knows all your flaws, yet loves you with all they have, anyway.
almost that time
u can get more love from yo enemies. then yo own ppl...
awesome isn't it alicia! have a great weekend! :)
because he didn't know he rules about delegates. he invested his time, energy and money in the wrong voters.  !
making some big changes to my house tomorrow:) :)
this time tomorrow night i will be chilling with a bottle of red staing my 21st bihday celebrations off early
tumors .. ummmmm cancer yummy
good morning!
 fyesclexa:   wifey walk of doom
  bdae to this great man i respect and simply love this man
  father day... . i luv my dad
washington post editorial: calling  by its name
first night in the new apament, missing the house and really feeling my mom is gone.
flight is booked
missing my boyfriend.
why is it so easy to blame religion???
stay away from those who can't take responsibility for their actions and make you feel bad for being   at them when they do wrong.
maybe,no matter how much you loved them,they could slip through your fingers like water, and there was nothing you could do about it.
[ ] thank you "carmelia loverink" for the follow !
i choose what i think, and i choose to be
i really dgaf about anyones opinions towards me! im gone do wtf i want and still breathe at the end of the day. aint huing nobody!
playing mix doubles on friday!
when i say i spazz bruh when i get mad anybody can get it
i don't understand y i shld wake up to a sad news. r.i.p keswick
easier to understand when you get older!  sad but true
if the goal is to get everyone to look alike to end , then it would make sense to have them look like best &amp;
what a great year, we've loved having you mr connor!
day off, visitors staying and lionel richie tomorrow    weekend
  chase elliott still happy with pocono finish despite 'a big mistake': chase elliott still happy with p...
very   :( ...
i am looking forward to watching the mysteries of laura on tv tonight.. the sun has just come out here. i am enjoying .  .
a animation by sassy french girl
we're thrilled to see another fairy has found a loving human home! enjoy the magic!
webster's dictionary defines   as "favored by luck or foune"...trust me, luck or foune
if you have been failing a lot and you used to be an awesome student in high school, it could set it off. this could possibly be me.
julia has to walk with her worst enemy
after about a while of being and iphone user and dropping my past iphones and my current iphone so much, my iphone 6 was unlucky today.
looks like a winning team ailsa good luck to you all
god that created us does not even condemn us when we make mistakes. yet we go ahead and crucify ourselves.
long overdue lol i remember finding black pellets in my bed thinking... i havent been on the turf in three weeks!!!
when your stun gun needs to charge
my first tweet lmao
killing me being sat at home while the england lads are taking over marseille. just 24 more hours to wait till i'm on my way!
i need a "work reminder" app smh i be forgetting when i have to work
love all jk's books. so do my children &amp; grandchildren. the tiger who came to tea &amp; mog are our favourites.
*pets the white cat on my shoulder* *scratches the black cat at my feet* prrrr. yes. it is :) thank you!  you too :)
phone's buggy lately and i had to uninstall the twitter app. so i'm only using it on my computer for a bit. sorry for late replies!   :(
if i didn't already have a prohibition against sending one of my kids south for college, i'd blacklist this school
look at that homescreen
congratulations big guy. how has she put up with your moaning for that long
more lmlyd    9months zeuskodawn
this is how politician used suicide for their own benefits
lgtb community do you still suppo the person that suppos your demise. simply because of a campaign donation.
ready for next week to be here already and sta this completely new journey for me and my family
wow it's so amazing,  fathersday
body of 2yr old dragged by alligator found
people gettin real confident nowadays since brexit and trump aye
i swear y'all some bandwagons when something ain't going good for somebody y'all change up
finally can say it's good to be single, not looking back after being with some golddigging ungrateful human being for 2+ years.
amy is working on the new curriculum for single moms! many amazing minds have collaborated on embrace life.
parents of those chn moving into reception in september: look out for a letter coming soon as i'm staing transition preparations!
online young porn  sex videos
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
thank u lord for sparing my life to another fathers day... proud dad,
there are every day more reasons why he is my favorite player &lt;3
wew curry fouled out
gonna be getting nike hurraches
just over 24 hours into one of the greatest football tournaments and it's already been overshadowed my a group of mindless pricks
now a black waiter cannot call another black man, black. what next,  me calling my mother a pensioner, then im labe
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
this is a record breaking year for nba season. can't wait for the next season.
ordering a new product on wednesday and doing my 10 day cleanse again soon as i'm off these meds..
somebody threw the 'bee over the fence.
all this senseless shooting has got to stop dawg.. ppl dyin everyday for no reason
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
missing old friends ...
this world is so backwards we rather love a lie then just listen to the truth what y'all see when y'all look in that mirror my people?
my selfies dont do justice to my natural ugliness.
we all packing up all our belongs  it's so so so
school makes me  !
i'm so excited to hear cmt has grabbed it but i hope they show it in canada, as well as the us. if not gonna be
please welcome to our javanese wedding ceremony. its simple but tasty hahahha
actually, friendship is a powerful antidote to  -
still trolling? keep ignorant of the parade's multi ethnic roots...some ppl have no sense of humor or appreciation
soooo me!!   friday!!! . . life is a: are you working to create a masterpiece?!!
my ex has 2 kids 2baby mothers and talks to neither of them.  pretty sure he calls to check up on me more than he does his kids.
  after sex mafia princess porn
  hardcore events crocks porn
  after sex roxanne west naked
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i am the type of person that sees the best of people and the world, but this is just sickening.
wow!! duh!that's her in both pics?
in just a year after being thrown out of governance, pdp has been on self-destruction mode
u still on the past dude smdh didn't he beat the spurs tht series still i honestly think u hate this man
  news ! nohern irish football suppoer passes away in nice due to a fall !  only 24 years of age !
london tonight with my number one girl!
im set for life
ikr.. god bless their souls
when your good vans turn into your work shoes..
i have a friend that is battling with cancer and despite all of the technology that i own, i can't find her to see how she's doing.
its gonna be so lit!!!!
ew son, that's what the fuck niggas are eating
saturday arvo checking stock. look what 7 1/2 inches in about the same weeks can do with ideal conditions.
it's kinda interesting cause i've only ever seen my cats after they were done i was never there for the process
its writers bihday soon!!!
the rendering from the software i'm using has stuffed up for me
  how to react to this senseless shooting.50 is the size of people in a happy gathering not a number that indicates no. of deaths
3 more sleeps until holiday! wohoo!
exams in less than 24 hours, flight in 18 days!!
and it is an islamic state..
my mom doesn't even give me a dollar lol
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  double-sided cardstock 12 inch x 12 inch-hip, hip, hooray! 799456075914
tragedies has hit other communities. yeah we are upset and change our profile pics. i will probably forget later this month too.
only two wks until next road trip to my 'spiritual' home usa taking in stunning sedona on route this time
today i became an adult -  i bought a le creuset pan &amp; a vileda magic mop. i also couldn't be happier
  fadaz day 2 all papa
what an exciting friday night, exhausted by 10pm and trying to make new friends on facebook in the place you've lived you're whole life
we all know a guy like this.
he gives me more than i deserve    fathers day
can't wait for her wait for her wedding
which year 9 house will be going on the trip on thursday?   yearned
result!  we know the feeling. see you soon!
  bihday kazuki  bihday  bihday kazuki  bihday  bihday kazuki  bihday
fantastic visit to st. james' primary school to meet our new students joining in sep
ready for my first school formal!
i'm loving the chunty music rn
everyone is either at edc the night market or the dodgers game i am
 black women free chinese porn pictures
 , rock this boat, new kids on the block, nkotb, ecstatic, poptv via giphy
couldn't be any happier than i am with my life,sta new job tomorrow.i have the best other half &amp; can't wait for our little future
shame on america for promoting lgbt suppo! boooo! hiss!
turning young people into assassins   you know, there's no reward for killing people, you go to perpetual hell
 , hbo, monday, frustrated, curb your enthusiasm, larry david, curb via giphy
 in the workplace and family responsibilities add to pressure as they face unequal pay and lack of suppo...
females will say things about you, yet never mention or say it to your face.
you look like a witch. in your profile picture ja ja is it halloween ?fake activist
off to italy on wednesday
how fresh. that was your dads job during his tenure.
meeting the loml in less than 24 hours
want michelle to return to being male. let loose in outback of zimbabwe where she lives in cave w/a gorilla.
athens; santorini; mykonos; crete vacations: $599 -- summer in greece: 5 nights incl. island cruise -  travels
i wanna go back home
so sad... 2016 keep ripping off the greats..
my most popular vine got my account erased :( i had just passed 5k followers and was about to hit 3m loops
nah, i ain't jewish, i just don't dig on swine, that's all
real dads deserve real love.   father's day
what a day for donald.   !
just so beautiful
me looking forward to the ceremony today
waiting for bb to sta
i'm back into writing again and it's almost as if i never stopped
i left my good eyelashes at kianas house
missing my koala is the worst feeling ever
summerfest comes to lucan east today don't forget the mad hair competition and the lollies in the jar
it's funny how months ago i thought life was out to get the worse of me, but the turn out right now is pretty dang good
we work hard to house them give benefits... r own can't get help
 girls in the world girls workout clothes
tags &amp; prompts -   stickers 4"x6"
finally got the weekend off!
  i want to join vanoss and crazy friends so bad
what a tolerant police force.
  sex stories french free porn
ex hates seeing me doin well tuff ur not bringing me down like u have already still on fb talking about us   get a grip women
  cheeky punt: nothing happy about 400 on austria: thursday was euro 2016 eve of course and given that ...
i love pictures. i love memories. kaya i can't delete pictures especially on instagram. taylor swift how to be you po?
life only comes around once so do whatever makes you
this is serious! rip coach amodu shuaibu. this is  , we are yet to come to terms with keshi, and now, this!
awww it one if nigeria's nollywood diva's bihday tontodikeh. wishing her a
so sad to to hear about the massacre in orlando.thoughts and prayers go to all the families involved.get your gun control in order u.s.
my 1st invitation to be keynote speaker.
i need happy thoughts today...   thoughts
my curiosity is going to bomb blast in few hours
i grew interest in a topic, and was promptly told to "shut the fuck up" every time that i decided to show my passion for it.
i wanted to donate my blood today. they dont accept jam ;-;
and it takes place in oahu, hawaii!
girl has pig sex  porno
trump employee instructed to write "c for colored" on housing applications so that person would be denied.
nude lesbian teen videos   new year sex
haven't had a hangover in forever and i go and get one from my lil bro grad pay
  fathers day to my papa ..i love you very much !:)
terrorism works. after jihad attack, anti-jihad accounts are shut down. terrorism works. expect more of it.
our new juttis launch today! they will be available to purchase at  at 5pm ist !  ...
i only have holidays on november
always come to a complete stop at stop signs
i'm in such a great place in life right now
5 ideas to boost morale
$18.99-women's plus size tank tops (2-pack)    wednesday
zavi really have issues just like me , we get it from our father
sharp contrast: a gorrila was shot abroad and it's international news while a woman was beheaded in nigeria and nothing is being done.
tv director sues hotel over the suicide death of his aist husband
yea not sure of your situation. ..i just do my thing ...keep low profile and have fun with it...
now playing  :  laura sullivan - " river to the sea" on     music song
got a   attack inside big lots now i can't move from this lawn chair display. i luv to cry in public places.
  bihday dear friend...
mmm, not so much ... too many americans love barbarism &amp; laud it; they think it's the same as being "strong."
new website almost done!
  fathers day to my self more &gt;&gt;
  wednesdday sushi today!grill special- bleu burger/carmalized onions,blue cheese, lettuce,tomato,secret sauce
fatherhood: nor shall you engage in aberrant social behavior, then call  that resultant disdain that is merely common sense
what a crap daybought my wife a 1500 diamond ring and the stupid cow has only gone and list itshe's not even had it 24 hrs
can't wait to see &amp; dance with so many lovely faces tonight!
some bullshitgoing on in r colleges/universities these racist views are poisoning urkids  speak up b4 its 2late
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
skate right into they life ! preciate it bro
just got home from work to find that my cherry tree finally has cherries!!
been in my zone where nothing bothers me!
what? obama agrees w/hateful un? israel's the only middle east nation that protects*respects christian worshipers?
  mineral co. strikers happy to be back at work: it's been a rough road, but we're happy to sit down and...
another film about down syndrome!
 ! -  just bought these! check out these period-proof underwear by thinx! oh..and get $10 off if you u
ppl are stealing this tweet just for s
when u staying out the way and still being talked about by mfers
 girls in the world naked women for free
appointment today with aist to design book cover for see the city red. hoping the magic happens. then it's back to editing...
i no longer have a phone , so if you need to reach me , add me on snap or messege me on here
when you're just mad because you have a fat girlfriend
love saving new songs to my spotify playlist so i have something to look forward to in the morning/drive to work
hey hmmmmm  morning
looking beautiful mntaka mamam :)))
  dragon porn amanda redman naked
i don't wanna live in this country anymore
theyre holding back in their cereal too i feel your pain man
my baby leaving for the army today and i didn't get to say goodbye. i think she's already gone
how appropriate for god to bring me back here to wareham to say goodbye to where 30 yrs of marriage began now that's it's over.
work and then off to see the stone roses tonight
awesome thursday friends !
  political happy hour: june 15, 2016: here's your ice cold bud light 30-rack of politics, from joshua m...
happy weekend to everyone!!! the sun is finally back after several cold rainy days    weekends
  father's day to all reptile and pet dads thereptilezoofv's photo
likes to bitch and harass women on twitter from his mom's basement...
life is funny isn't it?  it changes so dramatically! painfully evident when you can no longer say "does eaton's bother simpson's?"
sexy lesbo kiss  naked fat girls
it's clear y'all had no good reason to hand the keys over to a goon. but yet...
black people go hard tryna look like money in somebody else eyes .
stua pearce has aged but he is
modern family marathon going on till 10pm.
going to do some shopping tomorrow before heading home!
my dawg    bihday
dude! where's my car???
trump will go, these people will still be here. always are (it's about jobs &amp; disenfranchisement my aunt fanny).
stayed for 2hrs at thee gym but hey i jst grounded ma self :(
one more day of finals and then its my sweet baby summeime
isner/muller stream has reappeared again...
om aswandi and sheila
can't stop watching this
offs men: no fandom is your private fiefdom! ...also, when i ask the point of spo don't you tell me it brings peo
not sure i wholly agree but interesting and necessary interjection
soon :) clock is ticking :) :p
tbh any white person who throws around the word n*gger can get the hell outta my life. if i were built, i woulda thrown punches.
danielle peazer   thank you for all the messages  thank you very much   daniellepeazer   bihday
damn there's a family here in philly suffering the loss of their daughter who was n the orlando nightclub. smh
it's official white privilege robs folks of empathy. this dude is an idiot
years later and you still aint got no eyesbrows lmao
before you tell to other people what is my secret be sure you tell the truth not the ........ wtf
oh em freaking gee 600+ people
nobody wants to hear r&amp;ampb. it's sad. if you want to be on the radio you got to stay young. ~jamie foxx
lots to do, very little time.
1 week until warped tour and a few hours till i get to texas
 porn tube naked oofice girl
people cheat on their corporate step challenges by strapping their fitbits to dogs and hamster wheels
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
there was a moment when your mom and dad put you down and never picked you up again.
so now we are violating each other s rights... all in the name of wanting to be taken seriously in our fighting for service delivery
aww these facebook memories :( one year ago...   still cannot believe your gone...  chyna
this wasn't supposed to happen :(
i was meant to be a cat.
once upon a time
after a long struggle.. today i can say i am  ...!!!!
 pressed over a whole other girl
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  tree friends sex how to please a women during sex
 office woman real women latin hot sexy
feels good to be completely happy with everything in my life right now!
  national bestfriend day gals
it's 2016 &amp; there are still so many close-minded ppl in this world..
it is really hard not to be completely consumed by hate right now.
visit the florida keys &amp; key west- things to do-   wednesday  travel
airfare deals: southwest airlines $49 &amp; up -- southwest's biggest sale of 2016 (one way)   travels
rooftop pay in the city today.
  father day ...papa u r the best father in the world in my life.  thanks papa.. i love my dear father
now playing  :  alexandre desplat - " gnossienne n1 (erik satie 1866-1925)" on     music song
one step off the plantation and boom! instant annihilation.
trump new york co-chair makes racist 'gorilla' remark about michelle obama &lt; you total tool! fucking moron.
i don't even follow afl or understand the game, yet, saw "mcguire" trending &amp; was still like "oh what has the idiot said this time..."
  national best friend day
how does one explain this to her daughters aged 2&amp;5?words must surely fail her husband;their dad in doing this
i just let my phone die now &amp; don't even rush to charge it
sometimes you can't help wishing you are as emtionally retarded as some of those around you.  ? no, not yet.
ok christine won
  to say it will make no differece
super   to try out this line of products!!! can't wait to see what kind of results they
now playing  :  moon ate the dark - " capsules 11" on     music song
  calvin harris just wants taylor swift to be 'happy' despite her whirlwind romance with tom ...: in fac...
the only person in the store that did anything was the mother, no one else around to help.
why does this make me    |
how is it already race day tomorrow?? going to relax and enjoy it. really live in the moment b4 it's gone  !
this generation is soooo unromantic
saddest thing about the oj trial,mini series &amp; documentary is  its still all about oj..the 2 ppl he brutally murdered are a footnote.
  johnson publishing sells ebony, jet magazines to texas firm - chicago tribune
now playing  :   - " a tale from the past" on     music song
 women over 40 kerala girls fuck
i got to video chat with my babies at home. now, my day is made.
orwellian hunger games.
lol, they've been muted for like 10, 15 minutes on my end. they're still going?
fish is back too!
  bcus i'm regretting taking this college class &amp; spending all my money
   current affairs quiz  march 23 2016
 office woman cherry petite nude
oh chris speaking german again, that happened 10 days ago in gelsenkirchen &amp; its like everybody in stadium except me did understand him
so true! some great info floating around :-) knowledge is power!
 , kim kardashian, crying via giphy
if you haven't noticed yourself karma is something that's very real in your own waking life every single day. blinded by dishonesty.
i feel like famous people are dying so frequently nowadays.
crappy day that turned out good :)
happy bihday soonyoung oppa~  hoshiday
 you funny bra lmfaoooo
having a good hea is not a good thing sometimes.
pll has changed my life. cannot wait for season 7
the dude from bedstuy ny that died in the orlando shooting was down there for the wknd for a bday.. was coming back to sta a new job.
i keep thinking its friday....... it's not......
if your intention is to be  , before making any decision ask yourself "will this make me happy in the long term?"
i couldn't sleep last nite bc i'm so   to sta work. can't do well on 0 hours of sleep so i think it's time for a nap
so what you're saying is you're basically law enforcement. got it.
now playing  :  michael jones - " evening" on     music song
syrian girl thought the photojournalist was holding a weapon, so she "surrendered"
  hardcore tracks power girl fucked
first he's not even old enough to vote. second, taking sides with a white man in a confederate flag shi...
too much death for me to handle lately.
.wishing all fathers in the world    father's day....
i can't get over this either. how did we end up with such a useless media? a lot of newspapers too, stayed too ambi
bob holman: a man who truly walked the walk. a life well lived.   loss more &gt;&gt;
she talking bout some "damn maiya youn have no friends"    can't even argue with that
last day in school
nobody should have to live in fear, but the world is staing to become a place that even i am beginning to become slightly fearful of
thanks for letting us know claire! knowing how we did helps us improve our service for all customers!
  friday. 'bout to get a fresh cut. go jogging and lay up with my new freedom riders book.  and bang this.
in a room of health &amp; edn  professionals fri, i heard of 4 resignations, 1 with cancer, 1 off with stress, 1 having hea problems.
just me that has that one song that always leads me to tears?
 fucking literotica barondesade
screwed.  screwed indeed.  .
another view: calling racism by its name - times herald-record
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
this is a.
so so child girl
counting the days.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
had to leave for school early, 2nd last day = yearbooks!!!!
every day just appears to get better and better
the only good thing of this shtty week is that i'm getting my tattoo tomorrow and i'm really looking forward to it :)
its sad &amp; disgusting that i write ron to see if he at least wants to get his child for father's day &amp; wont even reply back.
as you grow up, you sta learning not to love whole heaedly.
 in women porn star dance
americanteen    hardcore raves
sitting at my therapist office. can't wait to find out how unhappy in life i am by a professional!
i like how my dad can take my brothers to a baseball game, but i have never been on a father daughter date before...
it's crazy hard to find boys to fuck me on camera :/
friends dying &amp; so much shit that's been going on recently makes me too sensitive and  i say &amp; feel things i normally wouldnt.
i'm trying a pitaya bowl for lunch today
  gay still in the closet lindsey graham having another hissy fit?
i haven't read the story yet but the tweet made my hea hu.
and the ones who really understand we'rent allowed to question him in public
i can't do this anymore, i feel so freaking lost!!! i wish everything was easier but it's not, i can't keep holding on! i'm losing it!!
is twitters dying   face
 jokes about women first boy sex
just coz their is a few of these vids, dont mean they are not woh wotching, they are there hilarious, a must watc
rest in peace friend.
bihday exactly 1 week from today.....
game 7 is getting closer...
lmao wish i could of watched the game
sometimes, the moment passes by and you're left feeling disappointed. a seemingly simple thing, left undone, leaves you wondering why!
pretty sure he apologized for that. but i don't think i was any less forceful in my rebuke of him then.
if you fancy a trip to oxford
not to bring up the same thing again, lol amazon opened my package that was cool.
  now that's a happy father's day! josh duhamel is very much the dapper dad in a preppy polo shi ...: ...
fuck yo, im   again
i'm so happy for you!!! i  you!
haha im still a laker fan! i just know ya boy is a fraud &amp; klay thompson givin them fits
2 weeks today i get married
what a day!!!
bob holman: a man who truly walked the walk. a life well lived.   loss more &gt;&gt;
trump suppoers wanted this ad for family guys emmy campaign banned
since only qiurong understand me so here's my profile picture
just feel   but i always get thru it i'm a strong woman i love my life!! we all have problems but we always get thru our struggles!!
get these cunts docked 3 points for the next qualifying campaign. seems half the england fansare only there to cause trouble.
and we would be surprised at this, because ........?
if i said there was a game today, guaranteed i would have a packed house.   but when schedule says workout, the excuses sta pouring n
trying to pretend to be a college student by working at the business school today, but forgot i don't have access to airbear anymore
no one else claims abuse has he snapped? opioid abuse?? (it will turn you mean)
young petite dad sex  porn vids
no he won't and neither will liberal ass kissers. 50 dead and they attack you, wow....their hate is palpable.
i was even more hu when i found out he wasn't a real fox
could have been avoided
now playing  :  lee blaske - " 08 - rebih - pa 2" on     music song
perfect end to the weekend and perfect sta to the week. detox bath at its finest.
i need one of these badly i don't get hugs anymore and i miss them. last hug i got was back in march
i can't believe how angry m mum is at me for no reason.
i'm wondering what you would have said if obama married 3x and michelle posed naked in bed with a woman?
for the next 364 days most good fathers will be labeled "good for nothing"...
ben revere looks so happy to be with this club and that makes me so happy.
exactly...lacy clay is a pos race-baiter career "politician" in st. louis. he's laughing his ass off at the cops in
  people are just healess
  sunday to u all.
my back hus
7. my two june babies were at the table   as i looked through the papers my mother-in-law brought in. they were graded pamphlets or
teal polka-dot ballets from my love
talk about a throwback! counting down the hours!!! i'm so ready!
damn when i come back i wont be in sa or nothing :((
oh my :(
it is two weeks into summer and i am taking the act tomorrow and i am   about it
wow this day is already sucking i'm phoneless i'm car-less parents won't speak to me and i have to work all day
heterosexual or homosexual,,, idgaf what you like if it ain't about my muzikkk   suckadick that izz
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
laps. blissful laps.
hrcp said that so far this year 229 women had been lethal victims of honor killings &amp; this one makes it 230
the moon is watching me through my window
u lameeeee but this cold
hells yeah. .glad she outta my life   days
  fathers day to my dad my most special person in my life thanks dad for giving me too much love suppo..u r my strength thnx for
me and ben will be there again soon and we will announce it on twitter
it's embarrassing saying i'm an england fan.... i am outraged at the behaviour of some so called fans! what an embarrassment you are!
absolutely stunning heels!
to handle yourself use your head, to handle others use your hea...  weekend
happy father's day... a dad's affection has no other alternative   father's day
 jokes for women madona pussy
another father's day without the most impoant person in my life, my dad
book one now at publishers...  as i await the finished aicle. voting done/ haircut had/ ironing &amp; packing to do, then begins pa 2
' still all over it': arrest of black mother disturbs community
act hard with 9 people but won't swing
this world is turning into pure viloence
every piece of my hea misses home
one of us! one of us! one of us!  welcome.
happiest girl iv been in a long time
pregnancy means going from an a cup to a healthy c
daddy.. you know how much i love you.. i miss you forever,,    father's day.. both of you still deep in my hea..
it's jacobs first time camping! &amp; it's going to be so much fun for him!
  bihday to cecilia ,staff in cangzhou shenlong pipe manufacturing co.ltd.may she be happy all the time.
after meeting and closing the deal for real estate website, now got another new client   and for a...
no entiendo porque neighbors no esta en netflix:(
 against women in the workplace skinny hairy teen
the holidays will be better than ever now marijuana unleashed is at ibooks.
lost 3lbs last week. now in my gym gear about to take the dogs for a long walk before my first kickboxing class tonight.
ppl get lonely &amp; sta chilllin' wit the enemy
i'm only going to end and your going to cry and be
working on some pretty cool stuff for mondays workshop. can't wait!
it's so surprising that a person you once held in high esteem can really turn u off and make u wana stay very far away from them...hmm
finally nfc tap to pay system coming to windows 10 mobile.....
orange is the new black this weekend!
  hardcore vinyls polynesian girls fuck
got my tickets for the impractical jokers event. can't wait to watch them with my best friend!
there is absolutely too many people in the world who use and leave the people who love them for complete strangers..
prep done and bags packed ready for coaching training with the sas in shipley tomorrow.
wanna go shopping but i have $0.17 in my account
i'm with jimmy.
 video men and womenmalayalam sex teens fucking
damn i really don't have a boo or nothing
osu launches divided community project
  days porn movie people having sex with no clothes
25 states have legalized marijuana. half of america has legal weed.
 representations of women in men's alcohol ads zane sex chronicles online episodes
on route to cambridge and the forecast is sunny!
 kyra got " " as her name
 isn't a hu feeling. that they got pills, massages, and sin for.  is a raped ife built on top of other raped lives.
"a very good standard &amp; all completed prior to our baby coming home from hospital"
wonderful day!   father's day. we love you!
  kaveney hr solutions:
why diet? enjoy life. eat to your heas content. work out to balance it
when fb, ig and sc are dry, gotta come on here and talk to myself
fucking my teenage daughter  and women
this breaks my hea
victoria's secret has beauty favorites up to 65% off!! just bought quite a few items today..
the world is coming to an end! every day you look up people are being killed!
i got my flight details and i can't wait to see you guys hahaha!
congratulations, well deserved!
for the sad news of losing their baby to the gator attack i'm glad they recovered the body, so the family can have some closure
 ! nibley festival tee shis now available, at goose &amp; gander ltd pop along and see what other lovely...
now we will see politicians using a tragedy to push their own agenda.  do they really care?  if they did then changes would be made.
treated myself to some new lampshades, if you don't treat yourself once in a while who will
managed too play a few rounds of tdm on ue,the new cog skin is seriously dope!...(annnd the power weopon try hards were crazy too).
we must select the illusion that appeals to our temperament and embrace it with passion, if we want to be  . cyril connolly
i don't have enough time to learn about all the things i want to learn about, and all those i had to drop decades ago, like painting.
what ya do for attention
the jewish talmud is the most  body of work ever written.
what a shitshow tonight by phils, highlight goes fan diving for foul ball unsuccessfully knocking glasses off, collides with railing
celebrate life! "my hea is light and joy." laura probe
i've come so far and i'm not quite sure how it happened but i glad i am where i am
that's the point...
  muchthank papa god im not lucky but i am blessed
little old lady just walked up to me at the bus stop and warned me jihad is coming - what fuck is happening to the world?
my skin :')
how i miss my grandmother tonight! she was my only friend i could ever talk to when i was staing to go down my depression hole.
i posted 8 photos on facebook in the album "  fathers day!"
if only trump put a wall infront of our goal :(
you favor one of your children over the other.  ! i feel so bad for the both of them to have you as a "mother".
less than 1 week until swmrs and less than 1 month until blink 182
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
prayers all over orlando!!! my breaks!
one of my besties is coming to visit me in dallas this weekend!
some of these females be real life mad with another bitch behind a nigga that don't want they ass nomo
every club in england has a tiny minority of violent hooligan 'suppoers' &amp; it seems they team up when england play in tournaments.
 , animals, dog, smiling, blinking
makes my hea break
new waterproof speaker has finally arrived can't wait to try it in the shower
done messing around. no more excuses. whole new level.  .
bout to watch warcraft.
bron has no moves!
would've won if you played!
true what they say ... life is what you make of it. i'm making it a   one :)
sometimes i miss being a spooky teen but i'm so lazy to keep up lately
didn't know that there was another hunger games. and everyone that knows me knows i love saw.
one terror event that is overlooked in terms of mass casualties is the  bombing in 95 - 168 dead, 680+ injured.
he only wit you cause i ain't fxcking wit him  situation
one piece naked girls  peruvian women
200 followers... yay yay yay.... thank u ... i know its less compared to all .. bt i am   ..
even more sad that you're worried about being fed pork from a pig with a tumor rather than the negligence alone):
equals, saturday 14:15 pm, with the bff
...just beautiful in the sunshine today  - plantation gardens
  saturday! enjoy the weekend to the best of your abilities!
i saw my new baby when i got home
 comments about women nude mugen download
15 best ferris wheels in the world -   wednesday  travel
my 8 year old brother has more sikker friends than me
the legend of the blue sea starring jun ji-hyun and lee min-ho. it will begin airing on sbs on november 2016.     source: wikipedia
   sbi and sbi associates bank  random facts
  italy fans aren't happy thiago motta has no 10 shi in euro 2016 squad: stephan el shaarawy and feder...
damn you really don't realize how much a person has had an impact on you until you have to leave them  i miss him already lol
i have a lot of homework to do...
licensing and acquisitions are hard. when you find out 2 people you depend on strategically and operationally both leaving this month.
 you shows out
   download daytodaygk mobile app for free
 , a lot of work is needed
hmmm can not wait , very excited , guys vain not rule does not it?
 girls in the world max tube sex
thefashionpoet: at the end of the day, you only have yourself to make  . do what you love and don't worry abo
its been almost a month &amp; still havent heard from tito.
turkey wings with the mac and cheese and cheesy grits  fathers day
really wish i had a life.
back to work for me today after having 3 relaxing days off, not off now till i go on holiday 3 weeks tomorrow
he sounds stoned. enjoy a laugh and what a trump nomination would digress to. he can't fight any1 on policies!
lovely saturday night walking buddy then 2 home visits checking on pippa then oscar &amp; harper
  bihdaysway  bihdaysway  bihdaysway  bihdaysway  bihdaysway
you still believe   that there no drugs in punjab.
do you know that feeling when you are full of happiness?! i don't know how, but i feel great. dont woody ve happy. summer is here
i'm still sad my ig was taken down. i can't live without it!
  blair brown is happy to be sentenced to 'orange' role: another happy coincidence: the role has brought...
work hard:;pay harder    weeknd !!
the face of someone who was supposed to be sitting on the beach this week but had to cancel the trip   lol same
congratulations to the award winners
  silver bullet happy hour: join the silver bullet bus and 91x for happy hour all summer long! plus, 91x...
"my problem" is sadly their own problems that they can't quite project on me. sick but
yep. my head hus from all the mind blowin' crap we've endured. ur right, it's only gonna get worse. g_d help us.
  hour auditions in claremont thu sign up at 5pm, show stas at 6pm
kimi finishing out of top 3
i know goner is a   song but it's actually my favourite in all actual real realness.
system of a down - chop suey! - youtube any time an unarmed american dies by gun violence i think of this song.
today we find out if we have another princess or prince on our hands
taking a break   moments
 coolestlifehack: chinas magic rabbit, the endangered ili pika, photographed for first time in 20 years
theres a more instructive lens through which we can view historythe lens of empire.
iphone autocorrect just changed "tonight" into "i ugly." now i'm
i can never find clothes to buy
we have our annual company excursion today and it's a secret where we are going to
  animatronic showing real instesity with that expression.
nude girls with santa hats  and women
we love the smile on peoples faces when they use our products
just heard   drumpf try to compare bobby knight, ben carson, chris christy as better surrogates then our agressive progressive squad.
real niggaz get treated like shit these days, especially if they don't got money, it's all about the trump suppoers, that's the trend
enjoying my father's day with people i love the most bkfinestisone   fathers day to all
bunch of kids on twitter new to the work force and life think they rule the planet eah lmfao.
so here are the democratic nominees- a 74 year old communist and a woman under federal investigation by the fbi.    sad sad sad sad sad
  national best friend day
  father's day i luv my dad  so much!!!!
sitting way a cheese board and some sour cream crackers   as a pig in shite
  happy father's day: we hope he has what he wants: what all these dads want for father's day, we hope t...
had the most unreal 10 days and to top that holiday off i was offered my first post as a staff nurse! welcome to the real world
we are pleased to announce our fabulous new website has now gone live!
man i had so much fun with that stream, so to recap, ive got all vids covered this week and tommorow a bonus archive of the stream!
  couple having sex hot sexy amazing teen
people do the most to get s
can anyone share any other mascot, for any school and/or spos team that exploits any other race? please submit so
  hardcore smurf theme home reality naked girls
guess the band.
 visit the power of happy website:   embrace your uniqueness...   ...
&amp; niggas still hating
just woke up from by far the best nap i've taken in a lonnnng time, and i'm definitely staing to feel better after a week of pain
i literally forgot &amp; ppl use to say i'm such a fliatious person but not anymore
you could careless about how i'm really doing, you just thinking about you.
wonderful atmosphere at playtime   children
i am sitting in a comfy chair,next to a balcony overlooking central park,finishing a book proposal while covered in maltese terriers.
pano version of last tweet - and although sad to be leaving lopez, our next stop is canada
10 nights in rhodes all booked!
  pussy sex fuck teenage
i'm so deaf i need to listen to movies through finlay's headphones while he listens through the tv at a normal volume
hello, i saw that u are a training lover, so i invite u to see my new app, it's known as "mytraining" on appstore
dark skin girls get no love in real life
new t-shis arrived the other day, really pleased with how they turned out!
~s.r.r~   sunday everyone
it's more to the story ... i pray for orlando &amp; the rest of the world ! it's just not the gay community !
coming home early for exo comeback on music bank!
ok, you win. i lol'd
i was born and grew up on the street. but one day good people found me and bring to their house. now i'm  !
at 11:41 on 6/17/16 i, bismark joseph mora, finished watching all 74 episodes of jersey shore
adultfanfiction stories  intercourse video men and women
jeff sessions is hiding his racist past ahead of attorney general confirmation hearing
another   client! she weighed less than 120 pounds but even though she was thin, she needed
changed the way we sing things
you dont need many things to be  , just appreciate what you have! so be always happy :) s'abaah' el kheer!...
first time watching a nba basketball game so f u
pretty woman s2 s2
prayers ascending for all those impacted by the shooting in orlando  &amp;broken-heaed
when did people become so selfish that they put their own agendas above someone's life.
no way in he'll you're  52
five days till........
thay wluld be culture as shohand for 'brown skin': camber sands deaths blamed on victims' 'culture'
  sex stories skinny brunette amateur
the last hour has been dragging... i just want it to be 6:30!
kayla is going to be here in a few hours and my room is even cleaned!!!
  day my daughter blessed learned how to ride a bike today without training wheels
  birbdayforme :-* :-*
i just realized how fucking long it's been since i smoked
i just couldn't have been any prouder!
the starbucks inside tri county is closing
sit, rest and let our lifts do all the hard work.
only 1 more day to go!
i found my flower clogs at my mom's house...fond memories to many summer vacations in sweden.  ...
hani &amp; lipsync...   :(
when u can't even spend $1.99 on me but i be dropping $ for you
  after sex americangirlsexpic
when mentally ill people get murdered by mentally ill people, it doesn't make them suddenly heroic human perfection, it makes them dead
my new phone is so much better than my old one!
now this... looks like a good game! decisions = different outcomes; step by step.
well this definitely wud be a   day to come. or is it just staed... hmmm
i wanna go to the beach friday but i work    face
soo excited now, happy days
if only my connection could hold starpop steady,,
nba  should  first suspend all their  terrible  inconsistent refs!! worst by far of all the professional spos
hey, that's cool!  -days
agreed. i watched people i had until then respected as friends &amp; professionals descend into the worst kind of intel
these 9 statements represent a contented life
sneak preview of images for my book!
mexico's fans are being sore losers right now. not just talking trash. but throwing it to.
you guys need serious help man.
king of wearing skis and breaking gender roles
i'm with you my friend!
wishes   break fast
how to draw a girl masturbating  boob
phone playing up due to broken screen anyone know how to fix them ??!!
buy sex machines   birday sex xxx
all these weekend plans for the next month are going to make summer fly by! but they are all fun things!
im getting less likes on my posts bc of this instagram update i am
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
when im drunk i soa use the attractiveness of girls im willing to fuck as a barometer to how drunk i am
daddy: "what level is this?" pip: "that level." points to ipad.    birds
mark your calendars now now now!!
keshi is 5th member of class of 94 to depa this world after uche okafor, thompson oliha, rashidi yekini and wifred agbonavbare.
looks all the more sexy
not long now.
  bihday sexy girl demi delia porn star
have a fab day all.
monday music: happy bihday, wrenn
is this real?? otherwise blatantly  as fuck! should be forced to close down!
wow...! returned from my business trip to birmingham today to find this thank you pressie waiting for me
i moved away from really brainless people that their only goals in life is getting drunk everyday
today is such a beautiful, sunny day!
 congrats on your new cards and flyers! it was a pleasure printing for you.
her long belly ass ain't got shit better to do but make fake pages
  father's day
to whomever stole the driver's side mirror from our reverse food truck: we r a charity. the $$ to replace it comes from our food budget.
i literally have like 3 friends who actually give a shit about me. and one of them is my boyfriend.
hug your grandma.
the worst thing happened to russia beauty wise since sanctions, and then the economic crisis is the disappearance of dry shampoos!!!
gonna go legoland tomorrow!
 why is it so hard to find someone who likes both evenings as me?
white pride = fuck everyone not like us.
i got something really nice by mail...
love island is the highlight of me night
usga getting torched once again...they look super rattled
a city imagined by barbara gibson.
got a 2:1 in my final year disseation project
i'm so excited for my smoothie bowl tomorrow morning and i haven't even gone to sleep yet
new macos sierra announced
   dna test can find poaching hot-spots
walking the hills, tunes playing and welly weather doing her thing   :)
nights at the fair make summer so sweet
tomorrow i book tattoo time
tonight is our first show in repub
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
messi &amp; my warriors winning
it's 2016 and still so much hate in this country.
how so many family's will be huing so much for loved ones lost and in hospital. could of been anyone inside.
also   i'm not this dude
gonna upload a new podcast/overwatch match this weekend!! hope you guys like it!
waiting..... then g!  !
bruh they sick af rn.
i don't think going to bed at 10.30 has ever excited me this much! night all, i might get 8 hours sleep tonight!
  fathers day to father's nd potential father's.
it's not a gun control issue. i'm tired of people saying it. open your eyes america.
you are awesome! all of you, thank you for being in my life!    photo credit: timmy d'antonio d'antonio...
"natural order" but those people weren't supposed to die that day. it wasn't that mans job to take their life.
heyy, i saw that you're a workout fan, so i invite you to check my free app, it's called "mytraining" on appstore
camp stas today camp stas today camp stas today
when your ex sends you a dm on here because there's no other way for him to msg you
happy father's day, daddy-boo! i love you!  thank you for being you. hugs and kisses!
relationships and or marriages don't mean shit in 2016
kind of crazy how this country has changed.not in a million years envisioned or thought in school this would be our future
what will i do with my life after love island lol
when random youtubers follow you to get promotion and try to force you to subscribe on their channel.
 girls in the world nepali girls porno
how is this not
nowadays, shootings and massacres are so common that sometimes i wonder whether it will be stopped or not.
but somehow now it's my fault because i'm
his first firework......     [pic]
a tale of woe, all about a bad day -&gt;
rest in peace
  sharon osbourne reveals she's happy to be back on the x factor panel: taking to instagram today, sharo...
may be happy
2016 just got staed and i can already tell it might be the year to break the record for the most homicides in winston
  idefendence day philippine
i was at mcds earlier &amp; they ran out of mcflurry &amp; they offered me frappes. i dont have enough money, i only have $2.75 wdym frappes
these my ex will never kn got me thinking y'all some real fucked up people on god....
i'm still so sickened by the us right now. like i don't want to live in this country anymore.
better question is "what is islamic terrorism doing to us?"
yeah! they called me if i will come next monday on a job interview!
when you find out your best friend isn't coming back to college next year...
japan sex photo  chick gets fucked
let's fly away!
$79-springhill suites orlando at flamingo crossings -  travels
mpho tutu: choosing between the church and being gay -  that god called her to serve his church&amp; they reject the call
  will uber's new moves be enough to keep its drivers happy?: in the wake of two class-action lawsuits a...
hey tweeps check this dude out
sat eating a bowl of fried chicken whilst watching sherlock
the lack of discussion about homophobia in the wake of this tragedy shows our society's lack of interest in dealing with queer issues.
what has happened in orlando is senseless, unexplainable violence to me. i'm sorry for all the ones who are injured and didn't make it!
hubs got to spend sometime with the kids
  father's day...  celebrating father's day
wanting only what you've and you'll be
  'happy endings' could still get happy beginning at hulu; cast trashes abc for not backing them at ...:...
now that is life like! just like a man! takes you almost there then stops! lol! what a let down!!!
these damn bills is keeping me from getting my weave did!!!!!!    feeling aggravated
fighting sexism by calling me pigwoman. but it's ok, he's got his special victim class shield up.
9-in-10 on terror watch list who sought guns were approved in 2015 - cnn
me thinks they would rather even let the thugs go than kill an innocent civilian.
embrace the moment. congratz to all.
be courageous enough to be happy  amidst those who choose to be unhappy. will bowen
i can't even remember ben's voice
  bihdaygs  bihdaygs  bihdaygs
half cookie / half glass milk.
wohooo !! pachhyyy  congratulations
trump real estate buddy carl paladino wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 2017
i wish i had someone to go to the pool with me :(
i get excited to watch love island so i've saved myself two episodes for tomorrow
you deleted all your subtweets at me.
this is me lol
three days before depaing to blackpool for my exhibition with kevin painter &amp; devon petersen on friday!
today is rainbow day in kc! keep the vicitms in orlando in your thoughts &amp; prayers today! hug your loves ones!
  anal sex gallery adult mother daughter relationships
this man  everything tamia say. lol been dick riding all day
make it a great day!
haven't been to back to the motherland since i arrived to america ...
lasted a whole hr in the gym, spent time with my nana and opa, been to the african oye and now chilling with a vodka and diet coke
my work officially approved my time off. i'm now definitely going to vegas for international fight week. i have tickets for 200!
more fun in the grocery   father's day!
  happy hour roundup: ... * burgess everett and seung min kim repo on some democrats in the senate sei...
next month i'm doing it for!
hms belfast is cancelled due to no electricity so off to whitehall and churchill war rooms.
in other news, i have to wait until after 7pm today to watch oitnb.
you okay bro?
hillary - trump war on twitter! this election is going to be the worst election in the history of the us presidential election.
he's a monkey kept sticking his tongue out   see u i the other side
america is feasting on sensationalizing this tragedy it suppos it's greatest agenda islamic hate and lgbt suppo
  father's day love you daddy . our parents in any work helpfulness and available . without father i'm...
sunday dinner: instant noodle with smoked duck breast, sweet carrot cubes, red spinach &amp; my 3 favs: egg, cilantro &amp; garlic.
  bihday rajesh da
so many repulsive things he said &amp; did should have been his downfall. nothing stuck. and now he moves forward w/any
this just made my day!   dance
guess what came in the post today so immediately watching it!
accidentally killed my pup. they told me and i should have listened.
about to play our first show ever in italy...
oh nooo.  he's not falling like we want.  polls are crashing.  people showing for rallies. oh noooo.
 on that mans  for life
this week i learned an old friend who lives on the other side of the world, who shares a timezone bihday with me, isn't dead.
 only ugly bitches complain about it girls pillow porno photos
football is next.   preseason is only a month and a half away.
i just found out it's not sterling silver and it's gonna turn my finger colors and i am
red lanternchengdu  dragon boat festival
fragrance spotlight: get happy this spring/summer with clinique - latf usa
its hard to take a role up in somebody's life, when you not even pa of the script
you know what?! after all these years of you guys asking me, i'm doin it! i'm auditioning for the next season of american idol!
crazy but it happens because a negative event is considered a step closer to ban. hence gun lovers buy buy buy. .
yay! just ordered my brochures and business cards.
it hit me today that president obama is a .  he has clearly struggled with israel suppo.
  after sex sex mom son free
i found that!!
we all will b banned from fascist book(my account was disabled for being anti muslim)&amp; socialist twitter next
only way to end  is to end races. there is only one race ... the human race.
eeeekkkk is this real life?!?!
as a little girl that beautiful smile and equally  cheerful !!
every dancer or cheerleader i hope you all have a fun camp experience!!
this just happened... loan approved! we'll close the beginning pa of next week!
feeling somewhat   today ..
my hea goes out to all of those affected by this tragedy
can't wait to see everyone's pictures from edc!
what did i do???
omg 4:31 a.m on the clock. 15 ragos kills after last wand and no drop..
huge thank you to john lewis futura park, ipswich, just replaced my laptop due to recurring fault. great service by michael and chris
this beach blast is going to be lit like had to take a comp day friday to get my hair done early
so much to look forward to. london zoo, cousins wedding, harry potter film, harry potter play, holiday to lanzorate
coz it's the concern of 80% population. don't forget povey causes many crimes everyday.
 , rock, oh yeah, rocking, rockin, hell ya via giphy
final exam in 3 day
nude sex model of teen   pussy
tom robinson was found guilty and looking at jem i knew that it was not good
what is it?  another poem updated on wattpad! check it out! link's in my bio.   teens
you hoes be for the moment  .
  i want to join vanoss and his crazy friends
when your co-worker makes fun of you for liking k-pop.
last day at work before my holiday
when you chewin' a piece of meat and the half get stuck in tha throat ,so you have to swallow the whole piece unchewed
good morning and   father's day
just ate a whole pizza by myself
just received my apple cinnamon vanilla candle from charmedaroma!
i wish things would get better soon, as i'm tired of being positive when you're mired in a pigsty of negativity from those around you
vanity costs another life on planet eah
everything i do, i do it for you
  sex stories israeli college girl sex
  hardcore top 100 best ever naked on web cam
 chick gets fucked sexy big naked booty
countdown sta........   :-*
no one, and let me tell you, no one respects women more than me, sweetie.
had to change my pw as some1 (i wonder who?) tried to hack my acct . bit pathetic to stoop that low bcos u can't get a rise or a win
that's crazy yo !!
oh man that singer christina grimmie died such a sad deal and from what i've read she was killed by an ex boyfriend! wtf is wrong w/ppl
putins once-mighty bank for pet projects now on chopping block - bloomberg  !
night sis, sweet dreams, awesome pics xo
1st commercial not for cavs championship gear but for nba.
i am so excited to meet my new classmate in sy:2016-17
wishing the queen who is complaining about the real queen milking her 90th bihday a
  couple having sex couples porn free
it's truly awkward to believe this.. getting isolated from 'dreaming mitchy' day by day. apparently i'm turning into a nerd :(
  father's day to all fathers this is my dadz he has been there for me nuff youth never
off to view venues for the next video
every guy i've attempted to talk to lied to me lol
life's not fair i have no dstv!!  i should just wake up my parents and force them to pay for dstv  !
thank you darling xxx
  bihday john moore
my kids bday ain't till october and i already know what i want their theme to be.....
a wise man once said..
  happy to play the waiting game: happy to play the waiting game. ireland manager will wait until the la...
 sex videos online young porn
all of my friends are leaving me behind to go to college
grand-ma yetta is dead.
  father's daythere is no words to describe your sacrifices.
friday   hours are just plain better. come by after work and grab an icy draft beer and homemade brat!
ppl beefing over child suppo while it's a murder spree going on in orlando
not common knowledge for a nebraska family. i know 1st hand gf doesn't enforce that area even w/workers present
finally a   post!!!
first time using twitter   follow me for more tweets on my growing soccer career
really is pathetic, dave
same to you bro.
gonna go swimming today!..
a win is a win. japan no slouches. need more clinical finishing
oh the feels!
when ex students drop by!
hey friends, come out to my open house today from 2pm-4pm. it's going to be a blast!
funny how everybody want deals but don't even give deals they damn self
great job kylie!
reading trump and hildawg suppoers argue is amusing. it also solidifies my hate for what this countries political process has become.
life is a sweet music.... just play it...  ~unknown   weekend
not nearly as sad as caps fans and their teams predictable 2nd round exits from the playoffs.
when your retarded and don't know anything about basketball
i don't believe it
so i took my cat to take a blood test and she got mad and now i can't plug my laptop anymore
you don't even know. our generation doesn't know how to accept the innocent pas. all they care about is sex.
cant get anything done anymore. can we just fast-forward time to the wwdc keynote so i can get on with my life again?
we've gone from "i regret that i have one life to give..." to "i don't want to get off the couch to help"
madison said shes callin everyday untill her dad answer or he change that number too....
and hopefully sc will resolve soce/cant assume office vis-a-vis will of the electorate.
it's so loud these poor babies must be so scared and overwhelmed ugh please let me take them and keep them
some bear in good company is (almost) all i need to be
orange is the new black. friday!
when jimmy the greek now disappoints you because you've been to greece... and realize that jimmy himself apparently never has been
mickey bout to have to get on the block... them parent about to bankrupt disney world.
also getting to see an old friend today and not study for boards!! tis a good day.
make a promise to yourself that this summer you're going to do something each week that makes you  - make sure you do it no matter what
idk if it's just me, but sma ppl sometimes don't have common sense
what doesn't kill me makes me stronger and with what i've been through, i'm the strongest fucking bitch you will ever meet.
lovely film watched tonight  albeit a bit
   but even at 88, raiford feels hes been cheated out of his life. he wasnt ready to retire or give up his...
all these polaroid photos but i still don't have one with my bae.
this is something that i have to continue to tell myself!
eahlings will always be eahlings
so ah pop pills form!!!....jez bin me  fathers day
after i let you go, every single day. i am alone obsessive and miserable
  kylie and kendall share flashbacks on father's day: and both kendall and kylie took to instagram to wi...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i watched all my siblings walk the alumni hall stage. some more than once! tomorrow i get to experience it for myself.
searching for a house ain't no joke, shit is a battttle .. but within the month i am going to buy my first house
okay so y'all i didn't take an l on my english regents
 me asssfffff lmfao
'coach annie' battled racism and sexism - now she's got an mbe
are we entering a new age of ? a repoer reflects on the hate crime beat
7 mins to find a 1rm power clean. 130kg with 5 seconds left.
we wish you   father's day... (kapish jewels)
hope everything's going to be alright.
how true is this.
don't rely on others to make you  .
rest in peace julie :-(
hypocrite. traitor to the progressive movement. when a woman can't stand in her firm beliefs &amp; endorses greed!
yaaaay can't wait!
below childish decisions in nairobi, suddenly no passage through some pas of kisumu without an id! does kenya have any leaders today?
  boy  liom abdalla jr
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
made a consultation appointment to design my next tattoo
love this image :-)
can't wait to see dolphins. i've never seen real life dolphins except from on david attenborough's shows.
legit sad! my friends mom has alltimers diease, i can't think of a worse thing than having my mom not recognize me!
regardless to the fact jo cox was an mp she was a mom , a wife , a daughter   sad times we live in
absolutely brilliant booking! loved them last year
heyy, i saw that u are a fitness fan, so i ask u to test my ios app, it's called "my training" on apple store
11 days not smoking and have already knocked 5 mins off 6 mile run
some people   stay like the moon , jus want tek yuh shine  ... ... ...   sunday, new week
i spend most of the week thinking about writing. what i will write, who will i write it for and when tomorrow, ill actually do it.
celebrating my bday by spending the day in biology at mgsu!!!
daddy's break, took all three to malibu beach. happy daddy's day to all dads!!!
smh my dad so happy  ig he got his wish cavs win...   father's day tho
  saturday happy lang
takes country down too. just to feed the ego of the orange clown.
  ramadan to all  mussulmanic twitter friends..blesessing month....n happy. .
the original moto 360 and lg g watch won't be upgraded to android wear 2.0 | the verge
leaving tuesday at 10
tomorrow i sta my new job.
this time 2 weeks today i will be on the wonderful isle of bute
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
now playing  :  eiko yamashita - " the twilight shore" on     music song
lebron is doing nothing but passing. my dad: " this nigga point shavin! you 3 feet frol the basket and passin but u big as hell"
a sunday well spent brings a week of content.   sundae fam!
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing sadness. it is par
cute girl and my favourite actress
in the studio.
 girls in the world movie of nude women playing spo
thanks vignesh :)
going to macau today hope all is ok......
writing in "cruz" on my ballot!!
  hardcore tracks j lo porn video
da porn   dragon porn
  hardcore smurf theme naked pitcher girls six
today is a good day!!!
beating the rush on the tube!   days
we're definitely very happy to get that many points against that good of a team. it's hard to explain....
was supposed to be sta my goalie camp tomorrow morning.  thanks to my shitty knees i'm going to work.
i love you sona baby
i think this is the latest i've been up all summer ??
so many weddings and none of them are mine yet
   banking quiz  26
i've got my first vocal lesson today!
  look: lions tweet 'happy bihday' to player on completely wrong day: kyle van noy's bihday got off ...
feel so bad today.
imagining vps for dem, gop &amp; lib paies all from mass....
ct high school bans the word white in decades-old game cheer over sudden fears of
 fathersdaymessage -fathers-day-message.png buy things about "happy fathers day
it's truly sad seeing politicians using a horrible tragedy to fuher their political agenda such as muslim ban and gun control.
for this country!
i love jimmy caer! until barack came along, he was my favorite president.
the new look to wednesday nights staing 7pm tonight - the night for jazz, funk, soul &amp; blues!
 black girl porn singapore scorpio girl porn
so bud and that's 70 show is where i am tonight
guys. i asked this guy i like out to the movies and he said yes!
my dad's in atlanta for his high school guy's reunion, my mom's having a girl's night in tonight and i'll be in my room watching pll.
tell all my people ima rider noboy cry when we die outlaw let my ride!   bihday tupac
news about jo cox is appalling.
  fathersday to all
 video men and women malayalees zoe saldana naked pics
when he's buying you pizza
turns out that i need glasses again.
go cavs  !
was it only 1 person? how can 1 guy take out so many people? he had to trained in order to carry such horrendous attack. isis is here!
southern club girl porno  sex videos
i'm not ready for a new sem yet............ i'll be on hiatus by this week until the end of the year
that moment when you can retweet your own tweets and everyone else can :(
thanks just read it. he had two handguns and a large hunting knife. they have to better security from now on.
in exactly one month i'll be in pittsburgh at a justin bieber conce
hosed teen  representations of women in men's alcohol ads
wow!!!now this is the news driving me crazy thoroughly  can't wait to watch my idol  super
very exciting! we can't wait to find out!
when someone steals your usual username and you have to be the sod with the 2 after their name... honestly who stole 'minigiraffe'! :(
  dragon boat festivalone of this year ,
 , 30 rock, tracy jordan via giphy
sometimes i wish panch was a girl so we could do girl things together
edc is about to be lit tonight  hopefully we find squad
the magic + music all around~just is! created by immoal hands unseen not by flesh and blood
when you work in a mall and you want to die
getting all prepared to sta my new routine and join my new gym!
am an open book,i jus cant be read except someone shows interest in the story.  child
miami in 31 hours: grocery shopping at 12:30 am, sleep, model stuff, tacos, wynwood, nutella ice cream, beach, chilling with friends.
wings event i'm now licensed to take to the sky
great white pay  bihday skunk sue
i wanna give zero fucks about this job so fucking bad
packed a gender reveal for this lady today at gc...she gave me the baby's gender in an envelope so we knew and she didn't and i died
how can they randomly target innocent people we live in a fucked up world
   morning to all ......
rest in peace a coach and player
when i feel   - recognizing, expressing &amp; managing anger. printable activity, color and b&amp;w ver
regardless of the group... it's someone who doesn't like people who is not like them.
 sajjad_irfan: a mother can take care of ten children but sometimes ten children can't take care of mother.
new tv package installed basic package and still get cricket bonus   time
 porn tube porn gallery net
getting back into writing in my journal and its making me
now in bed watching oitnb
 video men and womenmalayalam sex girl ass
nothing impoant happened...
i am a   man
never expected arun shourie to fall so low...
don't call yourself micronesian we don't want you
$99-wall hang or over-the-door jewelry armoire    wednesday
the world is becoming evil! someone shot my cat leo in the face with pellet/bb gun. he has stitches in nose and shrapnel in his head.
in fo bragg, california this weekend. first time i've ever attended a wedding!:d
all i was looking forward to after work today was the beach and now im not going
am i the only person that is okay with the way that i am?? all y'all out there trying to be like someone else
dang i got so many bros
time feels as if it is moving backwards.
just another day in the us
  fathers day!
lmfao my ass still waiting on a text
people these days are trying to do to much. always trying to flip what one says, and the media eats it up.
had a good job interview today, and another in the morning.
through all the tough obstacles in my life i've overcome i'm happy each one happened because they made me the strong women i am today
 , community, angry, what, mad, donald glover, childish gambino, cravetv, freakout, tro
ok (ok!)   this week i saw seals and they. were. adorable. fancy a chuckle? check this out:
our heas break for the families of the victims in orlando.
 ! - the huffington post
so unproductive today
free deep throat porno   tree friends sex
ya girl had kneaders and a chorizo and egg burrito
this is totally
no mention of the bay area, despite the "oakland tribune" twitter account and the east bay times card.
finally comming back to disneyland tomorrow
all that will happen out of this tragedy is politicians yelling at each other; ones that we the people elected. nothing will change
"telling people you're tired when in reality you're just sad."   :(
just go with the vibe,    friday
guns give glitter-guns a bad name.
god hates a halty spirit.  karen hates defeaters of race. defeat you bec of your born race identity.   . i hate racism
one more week in midland. then off to bay city
blessing be upon you all, may love peace be with you..be happy. be positive. coz you can.
just coz their is a few of these vids, dont mean they are not woh wotching, they are there hilarious, a must watc
not sure what bothers me most about these tragedies.. the instant politicizing, or the fact that nothing is done to fix the causes..
this proves it's time to educate our youth &amp; remind them of the impoance of respecting our elders.
  hardcore anthems descargar videos porno
i guess if i'm conservative i can spit in blm drinks &amp; coffee. can i spit in anyones coffee that's not a cop ?
  state of affairs
jo cox mp dead after shooting attack
awww... just. awww...
i have a lost a very dear friend who after many years i met her again just few month ago and today she is gone.
this is really shocking, just days ago, he signed keshi's condolence register, now people will be signing his own today!!!
  father's day hppy father's day dad luh yah a lot
walker and cole left me here for 3 hours by myself
  couple having sex shaving wifes pussy
finding out the davis cup is being played about 10 minutes from where i live, then seeing i'm going to be out of town.
spending time at the park with my angel. i love working from home
the latest titan news!
dad gone and now am traveling through the road for too long with my siblings alone,hope he was here for a helping hands.  fathers day.
if you ever question if racism is still around today, just think of all the people who suppo donald trump
because i miss ball
while tempting 2 dismiss as minor, routine  comments made the women question their talent &amp; success potential
it's so nice knowing that i still feel "first time i watched knuckleball" about my lady and not "12th time i watched knuckleball"
  4th of july
 video men and womenmalayalam hot vip sex pornostar anal
what did the table with the 2 white people say... i bet it it said 2 whites. and the 2 indians? how is this
candles lit, laundry drying, doggies napping...
 livelypics: remember, for everything you have lost, you have gained something else. without the dark, you would never see the stars
final salutes for bretagne, the last 9/11 rescue dog
noh cornwall   :)
every single time there's a mass shooting... this seems to be involved.
and to complement wedding gifts. engraved boards for any time of the year.   fathers day
some people want to sound woke and outraged sooo bad w no idea what they are talking about just repeating tweets and popular posts
this has no tit at all.  i'm very disappointed.
i know it does not make any sense but i'm   because i went to
making time for play will make you more creative, productive,   and connected!
time for my summer playlists to get 1,000x more
my frustration has been building up...this just topped it!
finally ordered my prom dress
i sta to scream as it's supposed to be high speed
no love is greater then moms love and no care is greater then dads care.   father's day to every dad.
  fathers day to a great father, donald trump!
i never knew how stressful putting out merch would be  it shouldn't be this hard to find hq photos and awork done of me, no?
he sure does doing training for work today and all i can think about is last night
  fathers day. dad you are the reason i am here. love u dad.
  dragon porn meet women for sex kingston minnesota
know i've got the euros to keep me occupied but i cannot wait for the bpl to sta and watch lfc defend their title   much
d'awwwww. chance wants to go with!
rang council to repo used syringes near work,they're not even slightly bothered despite being next to a primary&amp;secondary school.
11 habits of supremely   people
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
throw back to tawnee
moto sushi in phoenix is no bueno.
work hard:;pay harder    weeknd !!
just been offered a new job. same employer, different role, but effectively two steps up. go .me.
the beach is my   place
now playing  :  abandoned toys - " within a lilac clutch" on     music song
a confused set of people. they allowed outsiders to judge their case from colonial days till date.
big news in our household. it is confirmed that jeremy and i will be able to sta building our dream house this summer!
one tree hill and ice cream!!
  90th bihday for the queen and  95th bihday for price philip xx
hello! some ya'll girls just can't wait to pop that
latest news -   to be pa of another season of 'the stage': vishal click here...
england footy fans already arrested 4 fighting at euros. our national spo.... basketball can't even get a page in the national press!
feeling  . i hate huing people close to me.
design agency goals...
i have borborygmi,  flatulence or gas and sometimes diarrhea, sometimes nausea. so. im lactose intolerant now?
looking good birmingham!!!
watching old 1d conce videos. no way in hell zayn was having such a horrible time as he says. he looked happy. he looked confident.
such a nice day!
  friday - we are ready for the weekend
an employee says this high end restaurant uses code words for minorities - attn
just woke up &amp; can't stop smiling for no paicular reason, life's just good
y'all really be beefing over niggas
i broke a nail and idk until when i'm gonna get it fixed :(
it's so hot in my room that all my food is melting
yes. it is racist. you and your boss owe an appology to the people of pueo rico
picking strawberries whilst being treated to a fly-by by a b17
didn't want to end facetime
i've seen more rip pictures than graduation pictures
 damn this is so me
  father's day to all the fathers out their
go fuck yourself richie. we like it and it's not going anywhere!
told disabled badge ready to be collected, which you shouldn't have to do anyway if you have mobility issues, and it's not there
wow!! my face in vegas and i'm not even there yet!! lol
 , mad, adventure time, finn, finn the human via giphy
really was in mid city at the dj looking toe up  .
take care of yourself people
when you text everyone to hang, and no one is available.
can't wait till three to leave work
 mindsconsole: stop worrying about someone that isn't worried about you. never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket.
can't wait to eat theeese
crazy how cutting one negative person out of your life can make everything so much different
i'm in love with trees, the ocean, and a beautiful woman... what more could i possibly need?
be   today check  explore your beauty blog
  hardcore vinyls watchmen caoon porno
yesterday i spent my bihday close to the sky, with my hea flying high....
islamic terrorist killed them!should he praise them? i live in orlando &amp; i'm scared 2 death of muslims now.
mood someone text me
love you dad   father's day lots of love dad.....
in the brazil show, they had no problem and yet aoi, reita and kai seemed to be in a bad mood.  !
i'm so curious
me?  ? never.
no one wants to hangout   :/
please be hurry, so excited too
girl they know that they just be trying to make they self feel good
always be   !
leaving to dubai tomorrow!!
everything is better when the suns out and the days are long!
when you sta you day with happiness...u usually ends it with happiness... be   if you can...
:-(     my hea also breaks for all the innocent refugees who lost their lives in the see.
  and hunger level just went up
see you soon!
  state of affairs
i just cannot wrap my head around anton yelchin. it just shows how sho life really is and every day should be lived to its fullest.
free sex avi  against women in the workplace
how 6 olympic athletes deal with the pressure
let us pray for orlando.
what on eah motivates anyone to walk into a night club and slaughter innocent people?  world has gone mad!!!   .
it took me a moment lmao
get pumped! if you are free tomorrow, make sure you are on lake dillon around 11 am!
the real problems: i aint got a 3ds to play fire emblem and i'm broke af.
i just got free chipotle
my apps are kinda soa colour soed and it wasn't even intentional.
that moment when ya loan someone some thing knowing they have no money to replace it and then get the phone call saying its destroyed
oh. so you get to lie around the house spouting  while your "broad" does all the work. must be nice being a
this is the legacy of meera sanyal of aap! and yet liberals will say she is right.
this is the shit that's happening in the world.
nowadays your significant others friends and enemies look out for you more than they do.
listening to dance anthems, im now in danger of dancing a little
twenty one pilots is on tour and im miles and miles away
naked raw divas   hardcore forums
 backed by science  "..there are significant genetic differences, which developed rapidly, between the races"
try to make at least one person   every day
i thought working in the recession bar would be great craic but it's not cause i don't know anyone cause they're all 10
if the bible is right somebody got to b wrong
see you tomorow!!!
my christmas tree is still up  ....smh i can be so lazy sometime
progressives anti-jewish sentiment is perpetual..nothing is needed to stir it
men! it's obvious they were provoked! what about women?! for not clever ones: that was black sarcasm...
nba trying to push it to a game 6!!
  bihday tay
 representations of women in men's alcohol ads hot sex galleries
no greater test of a psychologist's abilities than a session with a trump suppoer.
my first meal of the day is at 3:00 pm
im so so hollow , and dissapointed.
 girls in the world natt chanapa nu sex fuck
collectors corner: angry birds
his true colors: he spouts cool ideas, but no solutions. he's not a democrat. he's only for himself. he hides taxes.
nude pics jessica alba   pussy
penultimate week of placement stas tomorrow. can't believe how fast this has all gone and that in 2 weeks i will be leaving
it isn't my love... it isn't....
i hate life and helen and all her stupid antics!! i hate her so much
great session this morning! on way to te halton for sign in wish me luck!!
old man came up to me while i was doing incline weighted pushups &amp; said "hey missy.. that has to be the best push-up i've ever seen!"
am i the only one who wants to kinda hu the people who made the new powerpuff girls
everything is unpredictable.  .
go back to your 2 followers!
mentioned 3rd time in a row on leading newspapers
lovely chilled day.. sun bed .. shower.. fresh bedding , films and gorgeous candles
happy is giving all the girls a wing wing
the excursion is the same when you go looking for your sorrow as when you go looking for your joy. ~eudora welty
i was thinking that myself. i can't believe there are that many unintelligent/racist people out there.
after months of idleness on youtube, finally heading back to filming for a new vid this weekend. :)
this lie, like the immigration one, gets coverage, but the truth?  rarely
dominic lam very soon! :)
just joined a group of hardcore business ladies who are going reignite this firecracker...
hahahaha the question now should be who isn't in this movie?!  ang laki ng cast, guys!
i donated blood today!
your fucking replying skills are as shit as the shittest toilet brush! honestly!
he just killed an old lady with pie i'm
i feel soooooooooooooooo good today     share it you do too
if the thief has any kind of soul he'd give the money earned from selling it as scrap back to the food truck.
osu launches divided community project
walker is up and running
editorial: calling racism by its name - new haven register
nude girls in porn   hardcore techno songs
and just like that, my weekend at my   place is over
spread the energy of happiness
and so it begins?
actually the best bihday ever
 naked woman skye blue porn
good morning sweets. selfie with my mamma. big day for baby sister anitanatalia7
feeling cold and  .
tomorrow i am attending a festival myself. it's been a while!
smaccdub goes live!
no matter how long of a time span spent apa, we come together, and everything can pick right back up where we left off.
9 tweets to my 5,000th  - my speedos are staing to tighten and i sense moisture
that's so sad!!!
be   with who you are...
second day last
  for st lawrence school pta afternoon of fun with a once upon a time theme on today between 12 - 3pm
it's sad my friend :(
especially with someone else who enjoys coffee!
when the fedex man asks if i'm old enough to sign....i imagine myself as a 12 year old girl. i guess he actually sees me that way.
  dragon porn naked woman with big boobs
moms going out so it looks like a me and syd movie night!
mom told me to be careful cause of what happened in orlando, i told her i was at greater risk of this getting my education at a school.
it's all about the    herschberg
coldplay, wembley, amazing!!! big big difference from madrid back in the day!  !
roseanne barr: "we would be so lucky' if trump won. not a joke..she's serious! i just lost all respect for her.
this aicle made quite an impact and stayed with me.
 interview on monday!
kim kardashian's indecent gq photoshoot is trending above a british member of parliament who was stabbed, shot and passed away today
there truly are some narrowed minded people living in america  they refused to  the truth because they rather enteain the lie
voice contestant christina grimmie shot dead at florida conce
yeaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!! paramore is making a new album!!!!!!!!!!!
i have never understood why someone goes out of their way to be mean to someone
i ruined my bathing suit i'm
women orgasm squi  office woman
so poorly researched on hrc. typical writer vs journalist.
what better way to go to bed than with a smile on your face
so sad.
10 more days till i get to see my family back home.
lovely! i pray that the lord jesus give peace to all the family's.
last weekend on this rust bucket... next two weekends are mine   days
 girl ever free nude lesbian pics
dems play political games in the media spotlight.shows that dems think their lives are more impoant
first time playing a blizzard game. overwatch has some the most toxic people i've ever chatted with. holy fuck. bunch of manchildren.
i was gonna eat my leftover pizza for breakfast then i remembered i left it in david's car
  why rich people aren't as happy as they could be: this is because, as professors elizabeth dunn and mi...
what about spyro? i'm an ungrateful bastard that just loves spyro
blah. i can't get out of this funk.
and hopefully wake up those have 'heads' in sand...the leaders in power refuse to recoginize &amp; act
i will never understand why people in college come back to hang out with ppl in high school
some niggas chillin waiting for blessings to fall out the sky putting in little to no work year after year barely making it  !
sunday love   fathers day to y'all daddies out there
we need to address dehumanisation &amp; stereotyping to tackle the employment gap for people with disabilities
we always enjoy finding out that somebody had a good time with us!
americas schools must have zero tolerance for !!
im so   lemme catch that brock bitch in the streets
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
can't even look him in his eyes..
hell no, he would probably be serving life.
this is not and i repeat not a parody account.......these people spent years at uni getting journalism degrees
fina try to make tuna again lmaoooo
pretty sure if orlando shooter was christian, the left would be blaming religion, but since it was a muslim, religion is not to blame.
this could be my happy place! fill it with books &amp; food.... &amp; maybe a puppy. what more could a person want?
unfounately due to the forecast for this evening we have to cancel the summer  conce series tonight.
sad taking a cue from the bjp to mobilize a trolling army. nothing is going to work for the drug lords this time.
that whole tag is just a way for people to praise light skin men, tbh.
5 ways to be
dumped by the love of my life, used for sex, dumped by new boyfriend, used for sex. all within half a year. i need to stay alone.
talk about your number being up!!   &amp; really freaky...rip
wish you all the best    bihdayjodistamaria
see you guys soon!
our gov.does the same
amature lesbians  magazines
  father's day to all the fathers out there that loves and paicipates
getting no message is also a message
donald trump: congratulations on predicting the alligator revolt against humanity. why will obama not say 'radical reptile'?
do what makes you  !
 fucking my boyfriend sex
thanks brian. looking forward to afternoon tea xx
every 1 giving bih accept me.   face
surely you're not saying the public can't cope with serious issues? that they should be told to keep quiet?
&amp;my new goals... bring on the islands, relaxation, sun, beach, good food, company &amp; drinks yaaaay
hopefully criss will take mindfreak live on tour like he did before so everyone had chance to see it
they did deserve to be loved &amp; we were never blessed with their unconditional love &amp; happiness they bring to us
and ol boy still aint showing you off   .
mission accomplished  haha
i neeed to snap out of this mood!
more scared to go sit in a movie theater,  then to go to see a scary movie in a theater
busy focusing on my own grass to notice if anyone elses is greener   friday  venue
for only two months plus and it came crashing like a pack of badly arranged cards...
i so wanted to go maybe next year
please just educate yourself. do the research you need to back up your statements before you share your damaging/wrong information.
  father 's day
i'm so excited to build a book shelf tomorrow like jumping for joy right now.
tonight it's home made onion rings &amp; home made refried bean (leftovers from the crockpot) burritos for dinner tonight. omg
you realize you are responding to a fake picture!    that's an australian actress.  you should research more!
emos sex   fucking
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing sadness. it is par
  for first day of school !!!!
ohhh!! i just found my first track's ableton file. definetaly going to remaster it and soon build another beat upon it. so
exactly! and i see that happening real soon.  !
put on half a stone since october   :(
happy father's day to my papa lemuel love ya ^3^   father's day :)
it's heabreaking to think that there is people out there who are so bothered by being gay , they are willing to take innocent lives
be   with who you are
 women nude anal girls nude sex act
  children little brother all  at me for no resson
already   for the roast
gutted to hear about bob. someone dedicated to social justice for the people of glasgow &amp; the working class.
  independence day!  independence day!  independence day!
will humans please stop huing each other please... too much hate / anger / silliness &amp; pain going on atm...   times
  hardcore tracks fat mom naked
i would drive 20 more hours for you any day
 women nude anal alex knight porn
you will always live   if you live with hea
who you telling si  go a extra mile
specially trained officer stops two angry dogs without violence [video]
amatour   hardcore fantasy
history? or his story?
 you left one out bro... the english was lost here too bro.
some have nothing better to do then hate
maddest tweet ive ever seen
ripsticking and listening to broadway musicals on this sunny day is about the best thing yet
what have we evolved into?
i quit my imaginary gf coz she was taking too much of my office time n getting over possessive..   to be single in my fantasies n real
we always love u
i had heard there was a call for terror attacks in the us during holy month of ramadan.
i'm about to sta a new blog! documenting my new movements!
i get more than 7 hours of sleep tonight
in a few months getting my papers
when u see the world as a small place u take a cool pic to make it better......  youth day somebody.......
there's no more chinese food
you are very welcome.  thanks to you guys for being so awesome!!
now playing  :  mitsuko - " palace in the snow" on     music song
bitches so easy nowadays
says becky fucking white. what a
you can try to feed folks knowledge and let them know things to help them out and they still wont understand.   case
  will u post it when done?
planning an sg trip soon since i have enough friends that i can stay with for at least a week
papa johns j hung up on me :-/(((((
now playing  :  moon ate the dark - " bells jar" on     music song
freeporn ru   pussy
always seems a shame to build something so nice then box it back down again. good to see you all again
staring in a car commercial, filming stas this afternoon
asked my gf for help on my papers and she said no!
do more of what makes you  .
ab fab the movie released soon! i wonder if we've made the cut!?
$75/palms place: massage, hammam &amp; tons of amenities for 50% off -   travels
its amazing dems can highjack the senate, get a controversial law passed &amp; the gop w/majority, can't get kate's law even talked about?
hypepotamus: current mood:   about _gaatlanta 's web developer meet &amp; hire on 6/22.
at this rate i will be done with the entire season in one day
this excellent sho film exposes everyday casual racism.   /
just spent over an hour watching make up tutorials
so happy i've got tickets to see 1975. made my day!
i have a chick fil a coupon but not a ride
always makes my day when someone you don't know wants to talk about 5sos!
 love is the answer
absolutely craving a wagamamas. why is the closest one in edinburgh
expes explain the best way to deal with  friends and family
rip lvl 93 almost 94 shield charger (~20 ex) | had a ~20 second delay, no mobs around me when the lag staed.
i built up a world of magic, because my real life is tragic.
messy females &amp; messy niggas
me either
tyler perry claims 'reverse racism' by critics of his tlc series - thewrap
jus a publicity stunt by that ngo , like faridoon said , nothing else !!
better get up! today's the day to be an usher at a wedding
6 days to go!!!
who makes you   tee shi
a year ago today i got engaged to the person i thought i'd be with forever. it's crazy how much can change in a year.
hoping meatloaf is ok. looked pretty scary. get better meatloaf!
i hate isis!
  slapping porn demi moore nude vid
white: good  dark: bad  its a twisted version of  that makes india racist against its own people!
 video men and women malay teen mirror photos
happiest day for you, no
  fathers day tuh only de mans that a playing the role of father to their families not mans
omg, what is up with the use of the word "broad?" and if people don't agree w/you, they're "triggered??
but inside every pa of me aches. i feel   and numb. i feel like everything is falling apa. and i hate it.
my local newspaper announced gleefully that we 'finally' have a female candidate, as though gender is the only qualification necessary.
first day of special needs summer camp.
fantastic to see, thanks for sharing!
  pussy search site naked women
nice to see things are back to normal in orlando...
here we go again. second game of the day    to so the competition for our red devils
we now have two teens in the house   13th tia!
going on a motorcycle trip to spain tomorrow.
this young man ran when the two bike riders confronted him, he was conscious, he was coherent, he was aware,
how the hell could someone on the fbi watch list be able to buy this gun?
see you in the fall!
book signing, 2 days away!    feeling blessed
i can't believe we leave colorado in 46 days
 girl ever video wisin y yandel sexi movimiento
 women nude anal free porn seduction videos
now in trend!!!
proud of my fellow skokie kid!
  fathers day to my self
there is something about the ocean that gets me every time!   place quote
i cherish my days off when they finally get here; then in a blink of an eye they're gone.
they're finally big enough to leave their holes,but as soon as they leave , someone snatches and kill them. why? let them be free !
if you are not   with your income is because you don't love what you do and you are not adding enough value
unbelievable knobheads trashing the 8th!
baby taeil muachhh
how all my friends  going to be real soon!
this '93 video - '16 when he referred to sen. warren as pocahontas = a stable pattern of  and ignorance.
the latest executive coaching daily!
love u so much papa ji...   father's day  celebrating father's day
moana is looking dope. disney has been killing it with their animation movies recently!
oomf has such a low standards.
to the extra ordinary men who teach their children to love, laugh and follow their dreams.  father's day!
good morning all! last day in the office this week and then back to see the family and friends tomorrow evening!
  father's day folks
heading michigan tommorow afternoon!
my race is the only race that don't give a damn about they life, but quick to judge you on how to live yours!
 aniyadah: suzannelepage1 :)   friday, have a wonderful day...
for the first time in forever i'm be free for this!!
my foot is cut up and swollen from climbing the rocks in the lake
iggy playing w/ a broken back is better than harrison at full strength
i'm gonna follow this bloody degree!
have a   day!
politics is being dominated by whiners &amp; bullies: name calling; cries of foul; my way or no way; cultism; no compromising...
  after sex free ugly porn videos
adorable "mister blue sky" flash mob in ireland will put a smile in your face
i've been selling beats for 400$ and people was buying but when i was doing sale and giving better beats for 75$ nobody bought...
in response to the orlando shootings.  .
a year ago, i'd just got my diss results after one of the best ever nights &amp; was preparing go to parklife. today, i'm sat on the sofa
my only regret right now is i can't choose what cersei chose in the last episode of got
and when something bad happens they ask where all the hatred came from
this lovely claims to be a dem but is voting for jill in nov since bs lost.   welcome 2 the block pay troll
trump the businessman:  phony. fraud. con man. trump the man:  sexist. racist. liar. trump the politician:  gop. presidential. nominee.
janine habeck nude pictures  noud bengali girl fuck
ya mcm ask me to cop him a dutch
whoever is   will make others happy too.
tell people that , you miss them    monday
wow! over 300 twitter followers..thanks so much everyone! there will be more blogging in a couple of weeks
bought a couch on "craig's list"! $450! not bad! only 7months old! picking it up tomorrow!
june 17th : officially repo-free and... orange is the new black new season is coming out
meanwhile australian politicians say the hoax prayer in the australian parliament yet u dont let that loonacy bothe
someone abandoned a poor fish in a cup. i think fishes and tules should not be prizes.!
just a hug and a "everything will be alright" message.
niggas mad cause you makin more then them
they're talking about christina and shooting in orlando on our slovenian tv :(
when the game is rigged, change the game. run indie we can pull 45+% of the vote and pull off a lincon year!
be_perceptive:i am   with my life. i am not happy that most in the world, don't wake up smiling as we all
if donald trump becomes their president then this ll happen on regular basis...
be   today and everyday!
dont worry about nina she is all washed up her career just went down the drain right along with bs bullshit
for evil to triumph, all it takes is good people to stand by &amp; do nothing
3 assignsment to go!!
while walking home, i saw a ballon roll across the road, took a picture, &amp; then saw a car run it over &amp; pop it.
i just remembered that i finished my leftover pasta at 1am
wow. sadly i'm sure this person isn't the only one trying to sell tickets to ali's funeral.
did you catch the   ending to the stolen buggy story?
omg! it is almost school!.only 1 day left for school!.
when you get full from the fries before you even get to the burger
i heard these shos physically.
staing booking things for christmas already
they're more bars on the rez than recreational activities for the youth
agh it's hitting me... im gonna be in new york!!!!
  hardcore raves the naked woman
proms and baby showers the new weddings lmao
  love island host caroline flack sings 'happy bihday' to the queen... kind of: the love island host s...
off on holiday! so far i have added basil to my list of possibles for breakfast hollandaise and taken a photo of the restaurant pass!
 this baby is like medicine to me. i'm   i'm his uncle. he embodies his father's
white supremacy, i'm told, is the water, and we are the fish, unaware of how wet we are. we swim &amp; drink of it
i've gotten one dm in my entire life... i have nothing to slide into
waiting for highlights to take effect can't wait.
that is my wish what i want to watch... politics and censorbord please stay away from this...  huh  ...
kyrie had to play like jordan just for them to get a win
just be yourself...   and contented
people protect what they love  world oceans day!!!!
the us is imploding by its own hand! hate, bigotry &amp; intolerance only display weakness. solidarity is strength, separatism is the enemy
it's father's day and me &amp; my dad only fought like any other day &amp; this time he told me that he doesn't want to talk/ see me lol
flying to greece tomorrow morning.. this is going to be the best summer ive had in 3 years!!
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing anger. male and
so we live in a world of rape enablers because a guy can coach football.
very dark clouds on outside my room and heavy rain possible
i'm excited, too
even though i hate his guts for all those roland garros wins against federer, it pains me to see nadal miss grand slams like this..
my love, my breath, my everything, beyond eternity.   father's day to all ya'll.  it's the
need to balance [love of workmates / means to an end / total unutterable sapping of joy and confidence] presently occurring. cannot.
don't forget the chain and the pinky ring.
just remembered i got the act tomorrow.
nice emoji usage have funn loves
swear 2016 is the year of breakups
"i've lost it all; my whole life, my reason for being. what d'you mean, it's just a squeaky ball? to you maybe".
tits bed hot sexy naked   birday sex xxx
ready to move tomorrow to my new central brum pad!
i would middest of keys go on a nice power walk in them.
we were all down after the match so we went to the shop and bought giant apple jelly sweets   again
i want lemon cake
i can't believe cutch is batting .237 on june 14th   and why the fuck does hurdle insist on putting in sean rodriguez at first base
current status:  !
punishment doesn't work with   children. here's what does:
1. black ppl cant be racist 2. have you seen, how a white woman acts like she doesn't get her way. this is a perfec
thinking about the least huful story i can tell willow about today's occasion in the future, when she no doubt asks. drawing blanks.
feeling hot but not really thanks for this weekend
weekend with my girls is much needed
a week till my bihday
thank you john. very thoughtful of you! enjoy your evening!
what one does is what counts. not what one had the intention of doing.
my one tree garden today is a crche holding 4 young house sparrow huddling together and a freshly fledged great tit.   bihday
always going to   no matter what.
  11th monthsary alden and maine
this is not untrue
i love getting new and random job assignments.
out of windhoek this weekend.  that means no skating with dont and no japanese food after our session
hate can not drive out hate, only love can do that.
proud of you
this is just... wow.
mold is beginning at the foundry in utah.    to bring this sculpture to aprize
it's a new day we settled everything last night why is he involving himself now
so neat. we love the idea of live paintings.
how blind we have become to live quality performance
been turning down so many oppounities to go out this week... 6 more weeks to go and by then, no one will ask me to do anything!
if you can't find me tomorrow, i am probably in my room bingeing on orange is the new black
end your week with some quotes that will make you  .
we love   patients. come see what people are saying about us!
what is beauty if the brain is empty...
it is true, these modeling agencies won't want shit to do with you unless you 20k up on followers on ig and twitter. smh
one life.. just one.. &amp; i wanna be incharge of how i feel.. &amp; i chose to be
 paladino joins parade of the s at trump tower
where are the woman rights?  you must l like a man fighting. with a woman you  idiot
but no. all i've got is my phone vibrating during 10 minutes straight bcs of you pervs and a backache.
just shows how cultural christianity has hijacked the very religious freedoms baptists have always espoused.
hiii...friends  i am back... kesse ho aap sab log... after hack my fb profile  i am so   because a'm not...
2016 is living up to its leap year.
summer stas today so now i have my minionz on the weekday! we about to go on so many adventures!!
  after sex sabeetha perera sex video clips
  pussy free porn videos for samsung
counting days...20 days to go. can't wait!
they be pussy pressed!!
it's great to be doing some work in c++ again. been far too many years + its reminding me of some of my original dreams as a coder.
nude gym teacher  black girl porn
uk festivals - check this out
national champ - 110mh happy to see those kids asking questions and taking pictures, made my day! priceless!
wishing all dad's a   father's day. you are a blessing to your children and a pillar to
our very   client getting her balmain hair extensions by our fabulous stylist rain. get in touch with rain...
can't believe the fox is allowing this rally in their theater
2016 - the year in
do what makes you you   be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
true words bro. miss my dad too
all 5 sharks just turned down inventor who had a great product b/c he refused to send production overseas in order to protect us jobs.
now playing  :  eiko yamashita - " stars" on     music song
oh i love her work
warp tour has a good set list this year and i don't have anyone to with with. my friends don't vibe the same music as i do.
archangel wildout added, ...
grown ass men havin temper tantrums
the bitch yentl really mad cause she cant state facts bitch having kids just to keep a nigga around
 white girl has sex with black guy brother having sex with brother
i lost a lip liner
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
this is racism. also, this explains why ppl w/ college degrees these days are incompetent in the work place
yea perfectly cool.. green isn't lebron and can't back up his trash talk
this country is in trouble!! we are focused on the wrong things!
flew in to a magical oregon sunset.
thank you for listening!!  it's been a very emotional morning...really hard to process what happened!
soon i'll be one!
after 12 years tita johanna.&amp; tito erwin and kuy ej,cj,lj after 4 years we're complete again and tit joy ashley kuay aaron tito son
  hardcore raves rubbing pussy hard
we live in a society where someone won't value you enough to send a text back but will jump at the chance to sleep with you.
(mail online):  obama hits back at trump over aftermath of orlando attack - but..
horrified, condemnation, blame mental health/ religion, do nothing about gun control. gun company shares are more impoant than lives.
turn up the volume, sit back and be  ! happiness is a choice. open you hea to it! enjoy!!
sorry but angry with a ceain espn show right now.
i want to. but im under age hahahaha
the greatest gift i ever had came from god. i call him a dad
i've must have done something very good in a past life for having so much blessings in this one
im going to do this. tomorrow in the afternoon!!!!
some auditions are so awesome - that was one of them. love it when you get to play around and be a big kid! exactly why i'm an actor
key to this cavs win is lebron being
if you find yourself at least once a day thinking "where i am at this exact moment in life is pretty amazing", you're onto something.
please pray that all children and teens of color in 2017 are not living in fear of  in america and afraid of being targeted
  father's day
when ur reminiscing and going threw photos
 intercourse video men and women older nude pic
thanks a lot $15 minimum wage idiots now i have to pay 1.19 for a hot in spicy and the dollar menu doesn't exist
absolutely hate it when the show i'm watching kills off one of my favorite characters
sucks more not going
and yet people still think it's better to have more guns.
two happy ponies this evening.
is friday's shooting death of teen related 2 nearby teen death 2 months ago? {
i tried it, i felt like i was running away from my problems
do people in wheelchairs have sex   sex stories
  alt ways to heal:
when worlds collide and all is said and done. it's the happy moments we hold on dearest.
wow. that was the shoest "moment of silence" i've ever seen. and apparently nba fans are a little unclear on the concept of silence.
my date looks super hot tonight on our 2nd anniversary  off for dinner la boca grande, barcelona
sta bake coklat moist cake ^^ huuu.
when bad things happen to good people
people who can get time off work to go to the euros but haven't need to have a long hard look at them selfs
surgery went well.
going into my first school pitsford school since sylvie was born, fundraising for southam parenting project  !
all the guys i'm into are like 22 graduated n all ugh...i'm a child
nope are role models but one is treated as such!  .
now playing  :  ackroyd poppy - " glass sea" on     music song
  father's day to all good  fathers out there i mean  the responsible  ones .
when you realize your woh and what you actually deserve after belittling yourself and settling for less for an entire two years.
[ ] thank you "battlescan" for the follow !
tristan just got really   when he said i look different today and i told him i wasn't wearing glasses
lol but regardless we still a get it.
i thought the 500 dollar fine was more effective in discouraging people from littering in the higways.
as if orlando needed another shooting after christina grimmie.
poetry for comfo from grief  share your memorial ofa loved one
can't wait for this weekend to celebrate ma'u &amp; bo's big day! first time at a cambodian wedding!!!
going to feed the homeless this weekend
  couple having sex lesbian sex movie clippings of girls through wmp
testing for swc4 screening at podium!!! buy your tickets!
the libs are at their "silencing act" again &amp; getting more aggressive with it. wait till they get silenced by the&gt;
real life living persons actually desire to vote for this vindictive, hate driven, murderous, conniving, liar.
choose to be happy today.
wish i could be there!
sex with reptiles   birday sex xxx
studying in a rainy day
sometimes it's better to be alone, nobody can hu you...
good morning :)
check out the aicle re our as council success -make work as pa of the ocean city festival, plymouth
  couple having sex sock monkey porn
milner is a curse!
no one here but us
a week til wet weekend.
if you making her and her kids happy..you the real mvp..aint my fault..shawty layed with a boy that couldnt step up and be a man
he makes me so
  hardcore raves cousin porn tube
really two no calls for too many men on san jose but now the refs can count!
2016 just got a whole lot brighter for me
from my point of view, my life is already a bundle of many miracles. , peg :-)
today is going to be a great day
where are the boy mates fucked off and left him
  hardcore anthems youtube hard core sex old womam with young man
orange is the new black - the new series.
that episode went by fast but it was
very very serious   footage re i cannot shed a tear! put me in front of a tv as i am now re i'm watching a show about a woman that is
my alignment sucks butt! i've aligned my truck 3 times already in 2 year....
only good stuff happened since morning  ^^
siri reveals what apple will announce at wwdc -- in a way
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i really hate video game addicts.. i'm so fed up...
  father's day to all the amazing dad's out there!
the game a is coming together!
some people can tweet without any grammatical error only when they copy their tweets from an aicle
  witches perform max-hexing of stanford rapist
it's him who taught to be strong enough to face the hard reality....love u immensely but never show that way...  father's day.
my phone won't charge, i think it's broke
  how to lose be
dark archers for ren fest
soap opera journalism!
omg made it to kinder gonna get in the way this weekend lol
oh jesse
so excited for edinburgh and to take a show that i have written and directed my self. gotta some brilliant actors in it as well!
i read hillary's tweets and always say, very presidential. i read trumps and think, really? this is who represents the right?
a son's hero. a daughter's first love.   father's day!
happy weeksary and monthsaryy!!!!! aldub!!!! love u ate meeennggg!!!
i know it sucks!
i don't want no fuck ass relationship
more attacks, more shootings, more deaths...and there are still people voting for trump
something albe would say.    truth
"some of us don't know or dont care about the destruction a wrong information can bring"
attendance at the most recent trump rally
things are looking good at the min, hope it lasts!!
amazing sir very amazing
i truly feel bad for my pals in the states knowing that impact wrestling let alone slammiversary is shown free over here for uk fans
  sex blonde sexy utah girls
the benefits of being a nordstrom customer outweigh the benefits of being an employee
  pop culture happy hour, small batch edition: slate's black film canon: on may 30, slate published a fe...
new week, same god ! ! ! thankful for everything and hopeful for what's to come    new week
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
now playing  :  fariborz lachini - " ghabileye eshgh (solo piano)" on     music song
summer helps your mood///
today, keep passing visual reminders of a fabulous afternoon in the sunshine, on the south bank, last month
been up since 5
princess eugenie caught up in racism row
it's both funny and sad which seem to me to be the two basic ingredients of good comedy. ~tony hancock
happy happy days!!!
my first dollar bill!!
about to watch it
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
that will make you  :
hmm are they finally waking up or was it all those democrats filling the stadiums?
  happy father's day 2016: whatsapp, sms, facebook messages to wish your father on this ...: father's da...
  couple having sex free black pussy downloads
  after sex naked black girls fotos
found the car i want finally  now need to hurry up and get rid of mine before it goes!!
i got my eyebrows done
i'm finally done with my 2nd semester! just had my last exam and i got an a! (or b in eu scale) omg!!!!    ~l.
sad chain of events in orlando between pulse night club and now the alligator situation at disney world...
     tnxss xo xo much dada....
feel sorry for players on teams that are forced to suppo beliefs that they are adamantly against nor suppo.
is trump on pot man sure sounds very paranoid... unless you are a white male....
  bihday celebrations for our queen today! we all had a lovely picnic wearing our red, white and blue!
good evening po !!!
  for hyderabad this saturday...5pm, crossword, inorbit...
do it and enjoy it, be
it wraps around the mall with my sister probably isn't going to end and your going to cry and be
ughhh... that game
ian darke never misses a chance to slag off his homeland.   more &gt;&gt;
little guy is going crazy tonight  best feeling ever being pregnant only 129 days to go until i meet my little guy
when you realize that you accepted them for every single one of their flaws but they couldn't get past just one of yours..
south africans are the friendliest people in the world! -    thursday to all the friendly south africans
it almost happened...
i'll keep my 2yo &amp; 5yo clear of nebulous leftisms like "diversity" &amp; "inclusiveness" until their crap filter's good.
rehearsals are over and i fly to vancouver tomorrow
i tap myself in the shoulder and said "it's okay,don't worry your gonna be alright".feels like i'm going to tears up
sorry abt that. it's one thing some of us experience daily, esp as far-right politics flourish in europe. pure evil!
it has power of your thinking about it///
buying my dvsn ticket
the fn is seeking to rid of its anti-semitic, xenophobic image, but majority of its sympathisers still describe the
getting ready to go back to fo jackson, sc tomorrow
super machi good looking really
strongly condemn vandalism of sikh temple in calgary, canada.
lmaoooo i love it
heyy, i saw that u are a health fan, so i invite you to test my ios app, it's known as "mytraining" on apple store
sad news mate.... great kid
headed up to nac tomorrow and then to my big's wedding on saturday.
the uber driver just made me throw out my ar15
in this case, father's day...
so true
  monday , morning people x
just gonna come out and say it  yeah i do hate immigrants  now
she has been filtering taxpayer money to her daughters, isn't that extoion=lock her up and get that money back
last night was lit but how the fuck did i lose a pre rolled joint.
i would love to post my  poster however i was dragged away before i could even do so   oh
we got 2 videos coming tomorrow,
happy bihday!!!
everyday i wake up   ! i want that for everyone!
love u papa   fathers day
  johnson publishing sells ebony, jet magazines to texas firm - chicago tribune
why do  refer to everyone else as racist. simple, they're projecting their intolerance.
my pofolio is not looking the way i want it to look like. can't get it right.
all set for another himalayan trek next week. this time it is spiti valley.
lost someone today dear to our family
my 3-day old orange chicken is just soggy chicken.
he makes me so, so happy. this world needs jamesy!
just days after honoring the life of muhammad ali, a beloved and peaceful muslim who spread love worldwide, here we are in orlando.
  philip rivers wishes hardcore chargers fan 1st happy father's day and he can't believe this is real: g...
do you think it was the leaking implants you had removed that caused most of your illness?
be free, be ready and be bold. your true self will be extremely
so no lesson learnt from 2012 olympic debacle.i had higher hopes of medal from tennis in rio. not now after rohan bopanna decision.
  she made it
media is literally investing millions just to destroy islams image.
i can't wait to sta this diet and workout in couple of months.
one day i will be surfing
i just shut my automatic 6am weekday alarm and i won't have to turn it back on for two months :')
  fathers day to all the strong,hardworking fathers all over the world!
eah is dying but i'm pretty sure we are going to all kill each other before that happens.
what i did today , for himself ,will make a funny story later, but he said "you're lovely, what are you doing with an old man like me"?
no more ricky,no more tae-oh, no more tae-rin and tae-ra
if you are suffering from   try salmon:
cookingbig feed of roast up for my family on cold nite listening to cold chisel.   days
my little princes in the middle !!!!
it's not just me and you but i'm glad i got to see that beautiful smile of yours   man
over here obama and his gaggle of left wingnuts want to disarm us law abiding americans. prayers to cox family.
it's so nice to drive around and not recognize anyone driving around
i'm camping, a lil high and have reception..
the really bad element for bernie last night - hrc praises him in her speech, to a roaring crowd; bernie suppoers boo her during his.
david bentley ha
some family people piss me off.. huh    huh -_-
when you got the same feeling if someone leave you
  independence day !!!
really want my husband to come home so we can watch the new got episode now instead of tonight
can't believe that was the last day of high school
st coz their is a few of these vids, dont mean they are not woh wotching, they are, all different, there hilariou
did not expect the road to evolution ends at 'murderers' &amp; 'monsters'.
i'm happy tonight.... ask me anything i'll grant! fucking    feeling happy
gotta get back ,back to the past ,samurai jack ,watch out!!! jack is back!!
dang i'm
be positive, be
  neymar happy at barcelona despite interest from three clubs - ribeiro: neymar is attracting interest f...
results prove that i can't write an essay in 4 days. good to note for next year.  still managed to finish 2nd year with a first
are you getting your   on?
amala for lunch in church,   father's day
looks calm and relaxing
i passed my final exams
  after sex beyonce look a like porn
it's that time...  waiting on my precious granddaughter to arrive...
when you've met your ideal man, but he's with someone else :(
man hates himself, blames twitter for noticing he's a pos.
you said the wrong thing, nigga. give me your coordinates, i'm trynna run your fade.
let no one come into contact with you without them leaving better and happier! be that person  happy wednesday
  side dish: new happy hour at torre; taste of kutztown: happy hour is always an escape, but the new sev...
get emotional suppo
praying for big things rn!!!
couples who say they loyal but play eachother....
yeah about time too
that sunday sesh defo escalated quickly.. what a way to finish tt
gods gift to people!
ground 4 sane minds nd voices of peace like mani s ayer (ind), javid ludin (afg) nd asad umer is shrinking to extremists on all 3 sides
love this talented girl!!
they need a good kicking...........
  ending lucy is taking calls at  give her a call before she becomes busy!
you forgot to add "bihday"
having missed new top gear last week, i was hopeful this week. but, it's unbelievably bad. evans is horrific. chemistry is awful.
it really is like finding a unicorn!! nondairy "ice cream" that tastes so good!
google shut down gateway pundit site- they're all working to help hillary
maybe. we need to teach our children and let them lead the way. police need to help the law abiding citizens.
staing narcos again ready for season 2 in september
  hardcore singles naked women spanked
whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you  .
i don't normally do this,but,and it's a big but,what the hell is going on with this land of ours,when an mp,and a mother gets murdered,
distance relationship
won't be watch got for a solid week. which means i will not be on the internet for a solid week...
profilo basso is the way.
couldn't relate with this more.. vacationing really depends on the company~
last shift at work done, which means annual leave has officially begun. that can only mean one thing. it's time for glastonbury
but it makes me feel old
udta punjab leaked !! say no to piracy !!!
" dem policies give lgbt 'gender neutral' toilets to hide in with policies that allow radical muslims to shoot up other lgbt clubs"
my brother is back from pougal tonight. he hasn't seen molly since christmas.
happy june bihday! sign up to get 500 perks rewards to spend this month. free posh!
it is sad, but not surprising, that our first black president was attacked for everything despite reality
my week's been good. i applied for a masters, got accepted on the masters, got my google analytics ce, and a lot of blog work done!
you don't have to smile. just remember that life is a battle and we can't win every day. we just try again.
was in that meeting for almost 2 hours and all i was thinking about was food.
wait, i follow her
emailed haunted hands to schedule a consult for my first tattoo! eep!
it's mind boggling to hear a blm suppoer repeating obvious lies, yet utterly believes them without question.
20 people who went out to enjoy themselves , now dead ...
i agree with it.
if you want to live a   life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things...
no, god is!  if u were spiritual, religious or had god in ur life u wouldn't have to ask a question like that!
dad served in wwii: if he were alive &amp; i told him today that 2 commies met n white house to discuss usa future, he wud have freaked!
eeekk!! can't wait
dame lost!!!   face
my sister is going to teach me how to drive next week...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i'm a romantic guy, i love the ballads.  adoro le ballate, che ci posso fare.   song
thank goodness i be off for 5 months in 9 weeks time, got a list a mile long of stuff to do, before op lol all good  xx
and then there were two. :, (
proud to say i will represent ireland at2016world university rowing champ's in women's senior single scull
at the end of the day you gotta be   for you."
you missed off bihday you daft twat
to all the fathers   father's day
yes, but that 53% can't even spell iq. socialist love uneducated non thinking people so they can rule them iron rod.
i j/ want to live in sydney, and take the ferry to work every day, and eat lunch by the street performers, and swim at bondi beach
yr spiel says it all "right wing, anti islam, hate eu". so much hate.
 black girl porn free big tit blonde porn
convinced niggas only wunna fuck me.
i wish i was there too..:"(
new running shoes and gamestop had a sale on doom...
it's amazing how a bit of recognition for ur hard work can put the spring back in your step!
the dog campaign i shared for a friend &amp; the dog she adopted is no longer needed. the dog passed today, 2 days after being rescued.
 office woman cutest girl on eah nude
rip kariithi murimi. you impressed and inspired. your counsel on complex issues will be missed and deeply felt. pole to the family
this has to go down as one of the biggest fails ever. 73 win season for nothing. up 3-1 in the finals and they blow it.
i don't even find this amusing.. imagine if this was your sister
    father's day,here we have a few bargains on this table for 50p today,come along find a treat
so true. they crave the attention because they are narcissistic. for them, there's no such thing as bad press
went to starbucks cause i wanted a cup with 'rachel' for selfie purposes. they didn't ask my name.
when a girl tweets something for attention because she obviously wants attention from people behind a screen
the rantings of a theistic slave..
--------&gt; try our personalized   bihday wishes ! &lt;--------
age shame our poor mbombela didn't make it into the psl
what a stupid healess backhanded compliment to yourself
the lady at moes put a mountain of sour cream on my quesadilla
[e3 2016] crash bandicoot headed to playstation 4 as remastered hd classic  ratchet &amp; clank &amp; now crash!
true parenthood is defined by responsible fathers!    fathers' day.
happy friday boo!
we grew up fucked up its fucked up i'm believing you in a better place but it's fucking me up
my book is set for edit on the 28th!
hoes never have anything else better to do than be a hoe.
nobody likes me
people do anything for fucking attention nowadays
creative bubble got burst  looking forward to the day i never have to see my college tutor again
in life u will grow to learn some pple will work to fuck u over just coz ur life looks n feels better dan there's
when ur the joke ur defensive towards everything
  bihday your majesty
retweet if you agree!
as we all know, essential oils are not made of chemicals.
i have never had a chance to vote for a presidential candidate i was excited about and this cycle looks to be no different.
yup, being a knicks fan is hard, so its easier to just be an nba fan when the playoffs roll around
there is life after social networking. embrace each day. be
the best pa about life is knowing who you are!
a scourge on those playing baroque pieces on piano    beyond belief
you've really hu my feelings :(
i'm sure they are just as happy....    hour
the white establishment can't have blk folx running around loving themselves and promoting our greatness
carrying a gun wouldn't of helped if you can't take it in with you. gun control won't stop the black market! terrorism will get worse!
woohoo!! just over 5 weeks to go!
being in a far away place where you have no family members hus
  couple having sex fat naked japanese girls
there are some truly sick ppl out there.
trump calling on obama to resign over the orlando shootings? the boy has a point. 8 years and all he did was "talk" about change.
going to la tomorrow!!!
one of my beloved long lost cds, now recovered thanks to apple music.  !
50 laps of pool, 10k ride done and picked up a gym membership form
so blessed to have worked with sa's best leading ladies
is kinda   to be among humans again.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
u think like this too? the god who is not coming through for me. the god who is not keeping me  .
after what our country went through this last year to see people bring a "bomb" to the stadium &amp; come here for everything but football
what a self-serving hypocrite! always keep your eye on the bouncing ball with this nimrod president.
it seems like the only place with action here is montreal :(
this really takes the piss. i'm so angry. just goes to show who is valued and who isn't. you complete and utter moron.
"there's a reason why two people stay together, they give each other something nobody else can." hopelly greats day
my friend just got engaged
to the united states of america, from the rest of the world: i think you've proven you don't have the right to own firearms.
if you hold open a door for a woman because she's a woman and not because it's a nice thing to do, that's . don't even try to deny it
already bought my finding dory ticket
 themeowood:   puppy
few more days till who is  ?
who can get the pussy quicker these days
some bitches care more about their eyebrows then how much $$$ they makin at the end of the week
wishing all our clients had baby goats to cuddle!
today is the day to make the change. eliminate negativity and choose to live a positive lifestyle instead.
if you have never lost a loved one to senseless violence you don't get a fucking opinion on the 2nd amendment
i heard him say that, he was trying to lock the shooter in,  but kept other patrons from getting out!
u made us proud i hv been reading ur words &amp;  assured it will b a assoment of petite emotions wish u the best.
what a "huge" crowd for trump.
good god, why?!
it's a firework!! weeheeeee~
i just want to be  . is that too much to ask for?
wouldn't mind robson-kanu at s6. decent player. available on a free transfer too
listen up &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
hey, i noticed that u are a training lover, so i ask u to check my free app, it's known as "my training" on apple
nba finals = ambivalent , love steph and thompson, kyrie stinking it up, green is an class a doosh, lebron won't talk to guillermo
i love how i am so mature for my age
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
my little brother has a higher tolerance of alcohol than me!   lol
all pay meeting to tackle a movie which uncovers a problem we don't want the world to know.
some guys too concerned about their twitter "brand" to be honest with their followers.
i hate like 90% of my family.... i was really born into a big ass toxic bomb! mother fuckers don't give a fuck about me cuz i got money
how can food make a family fight mxm
back to the day job for shane lowry!
anas + nimra + farishta + mawia + khushal  960 + 952 + 503 + 484 + 435 = 3334   the number of marks obtained is too damn high   :p
 suppoing family, god, chivalry, tradition, and pride in one's heritage is now controversial.
well i was gonna go see adtr with bae...
11:11   healthy fam
im waiting for a follow since the x factor
my train hasn't moved so i'm binge tweeting
  father's day to all the dads here and the one's that are in heaven
can we talk about the ways in which organizations dehumanize us? and how they're never held accountable?
u can hold a man down for years ...and watch him change on u over some hear say..    no loyalty.. no...
if lewis remains perfect, the rangers announcers are gonna stroke out.
train tickets booked for my opera week in wales
i am saddened that no-one has thought to groom her for the position before asking her opinion on such an issue.
discussing republicans is the same thing as critiquing . we can't ignore the consequences.
got school tomorrow my last integration
actually going fishing today somewhere nice .
how cute, they both look like dolls.
  days porn movie pussy pay pics
rest in peace christina.
those bamas you fool around with might be raising your child. ppl dont think that far in advance. they just see "fun" or whatever
anti racist is a codeword for antiwhite   asia for the asians  africa for the africans  white countries for everyon
i just caught myself eating chocolate sliced bread beside the ref realizing i still didn't eat my dinner.
mitchellrattle mitchell goodson
i've had the ebook for awhile but it's so nice to have the hard copy!!!
perfect moment of the day!!!
 girls in the world sexy mature housewife
excited na me
i got the call yesterday.  mom was diagnosed with stage 3 ovarian cancer.  i'm terrified, she's terrified.  just don't know what to do.
fox new just coming out and saying it bluntly. one of the most  things i've read.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
captain felix at rutland water. the little boat behind is about to go on a very grand adventure....
to quote jeremy corbyn: "here we, here we, here we fucking go!"
 porn vids wwwsmallgirlsexcom
play england vs russia in marseille at 21:00??? what did they expect? high risk game and plenty of time to drink...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
people be like you already forgot so and so.... nah it's not that it's just new names are made a hashtag on a weekly basis
how to be   ?!.i have the answer
big shock on monday-needed to find new home. yeah! found my dream cottage on tuesday
actually ordered a kylie lip kit
a mother can take care of ten children's but sometime ten children cant take care of their mother ,,,
ima go cry for a few hours brb
  after sex over 40 sex nake women
oh she blocked me.   at least i have love island to look forward to on sunday :)
now playing  :  suzanne ciani - " 4 o'clock in the morning" on     music song
the thing is, no matter how many laws and regulations there are with guns, people will still find a way to get their hands on them.
carolyn cooper | ugly, poor, ignorant and black!
this is so hea wrenching! what would be the state of the mother, when she knows her son is about to die :(
 so sad ones  &gt;&gt;&gt;
will get to see my favorite person tmrrw
hardcore girls videos   birday sex xxx
steph. san kana?? your 3's are badly needed. please
$24.99-mkf collection jasmine and moira crossbody bags    wednesday
let me just say .. i love being me
everytime i wear soccer shis joie fries me and says i look mexican as fuck
so mad that i chose dj snake over zedd at edc
the danger of white liberalism to oveurning  (applies to liberal men and feminism too)
signed up for my first bikram yoga class
my hea prayers are with the orlando victims, their families and the lgbt community.
"to everyone going through any struggle or pain right now, keep your head up, and keep on smiling, you'll get through it." i hope so
i really hate hipocrit politicians which is just about all on all sides... we deserve better as citizens. ..
  bihday sway  bihday sway bihday  bihday
in that moment, she decided she needed more. a switch to control life's response. default.
now playing  :  yiruma - " kiss the rain" on     music song
look at journeys left and right foot stage   !!!!!!
black professor makes assumptions about an entire race whilst speaking for entire race. next week the jews!
i miss the days when my friends played xbox :(
new case and scraggly hair.  !
  bihday sexy girl girls on top of boys naked
boasty tuesday last night boom boom and harry hype say get
outlining my themes for my would-be poems haha
they have been brainwashed by the left who is allowing these terrorist to come into america to kill them.
  friendszxc
4 more days till vacation!
  the secret of a happy marriage is all about finding other people less attractive: and those who repo...
hairy pussy redtube   hardcore tracks
istg this is the best cheese ta but dayum expensive
  ! my bihday weekend ! even better ! xx
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
you know you're getting old when you sta to get 'turned on' looking at poweools in b&amp;q
re: 50 projects 2016---busy hands are happy hands!
finally moving today
lemme find out i have to put on my boiler in the month of june.
my hea goes out to the families of those 50 people killed in the massacre in orlando.
we wish it were!
i once did that gif..did't listen to this song since ages..
how true! home-food is considered a cheap-meal. impressions are made at restaurants!!!
you've got nothing to say, so you assume that?! ahahahahahah
i hate online applications because you don't even get your foot in the door before they tell you no, we don't need you.
nice! any specific pedagogical changes?
"no im not attracted to asian ppl bc im not asian"  what if i tell you no im not attracted to u bc im not (inse race here) hoe
prayers go out to eddie and his family
very   and worrying!
it's the end of an era. amazon finally took down the final fantasy versus xiii entry in their database.
where's his other half??? i want to indulge myself with a lot of yunho esp him dancing keep you head up today!
tried for the same lateral move at the same institution 2 years in a row and failed. lol. 2-3 years experience required. i have 9.
for the fact that you keep watching,  makes it more interesting
last day of normalcy before we star summer camp!  !
vmin makes me so happy but   at the same time. .  i hate it
  fathers day lovvvvvvvveeeeeeee u dear father
next dining with devika date will be announced this week!
football violence, the few spoiling it for the many
reminds me of a tough choice between nigeria and india in 2013. had to choose india for the mental health research
  jumat ma pple....eyan ytinny
binge watching! and i'm off next week too!   lol
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i fixed the washing machine !!!
got a house viewing for a potential house no. 2 on monday.
it's that easy folks.
  fathers day love u papa
if someone over stimulates the internet on how   they're,  i always second guess it, why do u need satisfaction from others?
i might be ugly, but used to be uglier...... true story
lol watched a novela with my parents...
idiot dances on the graves of dead americans and is proud of it.
add my snapchat guys! going on a business trip to texas!
  champions trophy: coach roelant oltmans happy with india's next-gen hockey players: london: india's ho...
be  ...   its one way of being wise... by the way m nickname is also
  after sex amateur callsign lookup
the imprint of the father, remains forever on the life of the child.   fathersday.
i'm letting my piercer decide what my new piercing! so we'll find out friday what new addition i'm adding
another one bites the dust... thank you so much for suppoing us
when you're own mother stands you up for your pre-theatre lunch date
my new car should be ready middle of next week
  after sex sex video free tube
so my manager invited to his wedding
the oprah winfrey show 20th anniversary collection came in today! 17 hours of footage! i can't wait!!
thankful for the life i live and the direction i'm going   14509
woke up at 6am &amp;my entire morning has been nothing but magnificent. so happy to reunite with coach o &amp; meet so many new friends
you're only young once, so stop worrying and be
omg, hope you had fun seeing selena gomez live. if you went. sorry if you didn't go.
i love celebrations.. bihdays, anniversaries of all kinds! 2016 is the beginning of the best vintage era ever dreamed..   anniversary
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
swimming tomorrow!
working on something .
does a love story like this really exist? :(
i think the constitution and amendments should be rewrote.. we still basing our view in the 21st century off of the 1800s..
  friday!  get excited and treat yourself to one of our delicious bagel sandwiches.
  rajo to all..
it's the different eye contact between two guys who care about another one and who's not.
gotta be doing dna tests to know who your baby father is
being a dad, best job i've ever had!!!    fathers day!!!
omg the new orange is the new black season will be on netflix soon! can't wait!
always go with
today in stories that confirm my anxiety disorder -
tell all my people ima rider nobody cry when we die outlaw let me ride   bihday tupac
me and alissa got hit on by more of the 8 year olds at our tourney than the 16 year olds...
the happiest people don't have the best ofeverything, t   is doesn't mean forever cause there sad story when the happy is ending
it's more than sad...
today was my last day of jsms middle school, and i have a bitter sweet feeling of leaving.   happy
the tragic death of british mp joe cox should serve as reminder to to cool down the political rhetoric on all sides = it can be deadly
shot inside a pussy  office woman
now playing  :  philip aaberg - " elegy" on     music song
big g stepping in with the false flags.
   famous founders who remained ceo of their company
wow a give-a-way!
i lost a bet to my friend and now i have to change my picture for a week
dear unborn children of kenya,my humble advice to you, as you form in the essence of your creation, please learn to hustle. debts await
no, i should suppo hillary, after all she loves gays so much she takes donations from countries that kill us. sad!
i see the most prettiest girls on the strip smoking good ass cigarettes to the face smh.
smh i cant take these one sided standards
  father's day.......love u dad ...
when it feels like a friday but it's really thursday ..
being happier by kim serafini
gudmorning phillppines!!! :)     independence day!!!
my hea breaks when i think of how desperate she was in keeping miles, she even bet for lottery...
  our dog blue has congestive failure.  treating her with medicine however there is no way to fix a dogs broken hea.
if there is something i have learn each day is to trust my instinct, " i save to serve "
people just say what you wanna hear.
it's the littlest things that mean the most
hello why not vote
  sex stories ns porn
ready to do the   dance? you will when you can officially say my publisher
sometimes i feel i wanna be a housewife.. but i haven't found the perfect husband yet
missed having cute costa dates;)
strolling now with my friends in this cold night !
orlando with my love ones
get over it, the world keeps spinning .
los amo!!!   bihday
if talking about  makes racism worst, with that logic talking about how talking about racism makes it worst, makes it worst.
fam i got a pay raise
happy is doesn't mean forever because there's a sad sto   is doesn't mean forever cause there sad story when the happy is ending
the storm is calming down and i'm staing to see some colours of the rainbow!!!
got this design ready to go to print for arency and shis ready to be printed on.
the glass and marble saw has just arrived in a box half the size of a car...  .
indeed   fathers day.god bless my dad
   thailand weakest asean economy in 2016  world bank
if i couldn't sleep the night before my bridal shower, how in the world am i going to sleep the day before my wedding?!
illness," he asked.
  couple having sex swimwear free porn
wh is enemy deployed google for illegal manip.in eu they fined bastards $3.5 bill for same manipulation.lawlessness
did the general pull the pin of the grenade and pose for a selfie or what?
i will never understand why some people of color who become wealthy and achieve fame mess up their face with plastic surgery
in one of my depression funks tonight... laid in bed for almost 7 hours listening to heavy metal and spacing out. tired of being sad.
bullshit, he was thrown out for being a muslim
the btch will trick on anybody    do u even kno these hoes fr
  hardcore vinyls the best asian porn site
but to negate my last tweet, i will be   with whatever it is i end up with :)
no way!
now playing  :  yuki murata - " in the morning" on     music song
i'm loving the break i'm on right now!
i wanna be fucked !  my id  13479   meet me here
when you're just   and maybe there isn't a reason, but you just are
what a weekend! dinner fri with one of my oldest, dearest friends. wedding of two amazing people today &amp; bday for baby bro tomorrow!
just got surprise,the chickies are coming, nice surprise announcement.it's pay time  .
it's so sad that people's pets get loose and end up missing.  i really wish pets didn't end up go missing so easily.
i got a lot of awesome today.
  father's day bieeee!! my soulmate...the love of my life! love
  independence day  :) :-)
all you hoes do is hang around the same hoes y'all talk about
one more quaer of basketball left until the olympics
school just ended
getting ready to go see ninja tules in an hour wahoo! excited. $9 ticket for movie of the week today whoop whoop!
back to school.....
i don't want to be alone when my mission stas so i will bring my brother. i need prayers, pray that god will be with the both of us.
yes! i got approved for a one bedroom on queen west in toronto for july!! now can move out of my sketchy neighbourhood
just updated my linkedin profile   :-d
do what makes you  ...
who is excited for tomorrow wwe money in the bank match.
new addition to my little family coming soon!
may be the world needs him not india (read government)
this year was not well received because of the gregorian festival took place in the ramadan, so i don't feel like doing   bihday
john 14:26    sunday
my internet works again! let's record some videos hope that i can also upload a video for tommorrow, thanks for the patience :)
holiday planning for january 3 weeks booked off work
rotakids have arrived at the lancashire conference at lancaster university.
i'm scared of uuu
probably the best person for the job !
18th bihday on saturday
cleaned up my notifications.
finishing the night having a good "catchup" with a guy u have fancied for 7/8years!
now playing  :  naoyuki onda - " temple in the twilight" on     music song
if you look at a problem and the first thing you thing of is color, be it black or white. you're pa of the problem
leaders talk and talk, nothing woh if they do not know how to act right  to prevent genocide and tragedies. leadership is nottvshow.
out of work super early but nowhere to get a drink since it's still so late
just 3 days until i get to see my best friend that i've not seen in 6 months
 names for women fucking hard teen
school is almost finish
ofcourse they'll
 chick gets fucked nude superhero
 sex free sex hotline numbers
playing black ops iii on the easiest mode and i still suck at it.
just some trump suppoers voicing their thoughts on women's suffrage and germany's immigration policy...
you get the street cred for tackling half the menu! we'll be waiting with round two
gonna give some white people a taste of ramadan today
goood  keep going
we absolutely need it! thx u
15 emails.
  boy does 'happy dance' after hearing mom's voice through hearing aid: couesy caitlin orantes(princet...
the song no longer applies to me.
ok i need to think positive i need to sta thinking about good things
what could have been if derrick rose never got hu will always haunt the chicago bulls for many years to come.
back in manchester after visiting nottingham for a few days can't believe what a lovely time i've had!!
one of my favorites episodes so far! spoke to my &lt;3 determined to heal it and share the journey!
these females worry about these no good a  niggaz and take good care of them more den they on kids
people complain about power supply in their area..am happy to say that we enjoy light in my area..kudos to phed...20hrs a day light..
i love all of my friends   nationalbestfriendsday
[ ] thank you "ley de vida" for the follow !
  to be alive  much love to everyone
leaving to go camping in an hour and a half!!!
some people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives everyday the sun rises.
  father's day, to my dad who even at his weakest, still remains strong
after months of bad news a hea ache am going to an aunty again to hopefully a little boy ekk, excited for cuddles
stanley cup and conn smythe trophy is in the building and it's not for the sharks i'm
show me your tits, idiot!
cannot wait to move into my own place
  foy arep exigences !
show day
out of anything in the world what would make you more  ?
the highlight of my night is gonna be watching love island
lack of access sposwriters get from teams/schools nowadays will show years from now when elite athletes from this era pass away.
i got the cutest stuff ugh
much luv 4 his gift.
when you lose and get butt hu things didn't go your way!
excellent. final holiday of the year booked for august. riga in latvia! home to best a nouveau architecture.
wenger will bring back sanogo....
just finish doctor who s1, and s2 here i go
rihanna was at libey bridge viewing and i gave away my shift
feeling like a cat on a hot tin roof right now
boards being written up by alina ready for tomorrow with our summer drinks &amp; we have a brand new menu
always be
old man followed me to the store to bitch me out 4 not stopping fully at stop sign and then said he was calling the state sheriff   wah
lol. bc we date people based off their phones now
always the ppl with no lives talking on twitter.
i "hear" a muslim migrant, registered as a democrat and gun owner, killed a club full of gay ppl. this narrative should be interesting.
today is the first sunny day of the year
getting new books tomorrow
  hump day!!! xoxo :)
just ordered my third monitor.
if i really like em who cares what anyone else thinks fuck your opinion!  ..
when angels forget to fly,  when it's 20 below in july, when violets are red, and roses are blue,  that's when i'll stop loving you..
the meps bear that travelled to sandy hook in 2013 with hope that another gun massacre would never occur again.
my saturday: swimming, familia time, deadlifts, shoulder presses &amp; then yummy food!!
now playing  :  various - " 03 impression" on     music song
god is the writer of my life.. and that's it, no fuher questions about it.. thank you lord for making my life story colorful..
that coach should be force fed hot shit with a spoon
watching made in america o.j. simpson..... 30for30.... so far interesting...... what went on during the 60's is still going on in 2016.
the only way for you to stay relevant is to open your mouth, and tell other peoples buisness .
stocking sex sites  chick gets fucked
friends, today, make an effo to take every situtation for what it is, and accept it!!!
at which hour thy uncle sayeth not to disturb the pay
be happy you bought the best.
found my future husband on the plane to marbs and now i'm never gonna see him again    times
 , excited, clapping, unbreakable kimmy schmidt, kimmy schmidt, uks, unbreakable, uks
  nude rear naughty naked school girls
"uk now has the highest average level of student fees in oecd countries."
just saw! i'm really happy you're gaining traction, it's only a matter of time until you hit your goal!
it's tattoo day!!!
when you tell yo bd you leaving his son here while you go to va &amp; all he worried bout is eating the p
jim hoft &amp; gateway pundit have been lighting the way for libey for years...this proves google is the enemy.
good morning. let's drink coffee . . . complications are not needed.  my whole being is happy - psalm 16:9    sunday
  father's day to all the father's. god bless you for bringing us to this world.
finished video for the next single. big thanks for piterpan &amp; walenty konkel for beautiful shots of my hometown! premiere soon
been feeling pretty good about myself the past few days
  sex stories anal fetish tgp
life is so complicated.
why are my friends ignoring me
cherry blossoms and strawberries in benguet. aint that good for tourists?
those stairs leave me tired asf i sweat smh
 chick gets fucked videos of big asses havin sex
  fathers day -have a nice day very spl day to everyone
i want this body but i love to eat
*win* discount ellipticals, treadmills and more:
don't wear makeup on holiday. wrecked from the days activities, posting a natural selfie cause i don't care
c'mon people now, smile on your brother ev'rybody get together try and love one another right now  /madworld
 is the dictionary word for anti-black
i leave for e3 next tuesday there are so many people i want to see while i'm in cali!
how am i supposed to get a 6 pack when i can't stop eating pizza    thoughts
it does not help when a person comments "i don't like obama, but you're out of line!" like duh mf, you knew you were voting same as
magnolia groomingtiny  after grooming
  when game 5 is here and gone. so tired of all the so called expes flapping mouths. that is why we play the game. win or lose
it's ludicrous 2think that this happening especially now..we've come so far but have now taken 2leaps backwards
no ice cream comes close to the goodness that is kilwin's ice cream. i have dreams about that ice cream once a month.
what a great idea!
i have way too much shit to look forward too
not long before i'm no longer a teen   !!
  bihday ragul ji
many noh koreans act like the love their leader, but most are pressured by their military to pretend they do
  senator from florida orlando district instantly uses a crazy person as an excuse for gun control. within the first minute of her talk.
family be more faker and shadier than strangers and don't won't you doing better than them.
  happy bihday tupac shakur  'all eyez on me' trailer drops on iconic rapper's b-day: tupac shakur wo...
today is a beautiful day. time 2 remember i have a beautiful house, loving dogs, and a wonderful husband; both on our way 2 doctor.
  to show -  -
there are high schoolers that only know ice cube from are we there yet and ride along movies.
finding dory in less than 2 hrs.
can't wait to go see finding dori
*works at marylous for 2 years*
'make yourself so   so that when others look at you they become happy too'.
i'm feeling so   these days!! does anyone ever feel like they annoy people with their constant good mood????
with things going the way they are i feel safe in cda for now any way
  bihday sexy girl sister want sex
aaaaand steph still wont get his finals mvp :(
all set for the game...  come on england ..
what to do when one of your closest friends  is moving away
"the education of public servants is a critical pa of the path forward..." so true.
only replies once or twice and think i've had enough.
superb, a fitting riposte to some weirdos who think they can control content. a slap in the face for the   govt.
whatever it is, give it to god and trust him to straighten it out...   father's day to all amazing dad out there!!
just seen the video of england fans singing "no surrender." aren't these morons aware of the decommissioned weapons over a decade ago.
the holidays will be better than ever now marijuana unleashed is at ibooks.
i have sandy feet, beach hair, and a good book.
it's been almost a year since bdon gave me my set of prismacolor pens, and my last one finally gave out today.
last day driving my 9th grader to school.   next year madireis
working on saturday
bitches hate and dislike you, stalk you, but you dont even know they even exist.
a   father's day to the beautiful dads! rest on to my daddy, sonny. til we're together again, i love you. i miss you. always!
ian darke never misses a chance to slag off his homeland.   more &gt;&gt;
 girl get fuck leg fucking
  bihday sexy girl nude swinger pay film
  hardcore vinyls pictures of xxx porn
happy monday folks: be more  ! how to hack your brain to become more confident and less fearful by...
this thread is gold but now i'm   im single
kids out here complaining about the schools that offers them, like do you have any idea how many kids would kill for that juco letter?
im happy with you
he is nt a man talk less of a boy bt a king! yet u're accusin him of wrong doings by d same culture standards
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
some chick just posted a "hot" pic of herself on a lounge chair.  her caption/reason: "cooking on the grill. happy father's day."
woke up to terrorist attack in orlando and bombing in airpo... wtf has the world become
niggas be out here in competition with a bitch
true :/ niggas dont go looking for apaments they go look at shoes and jewelry
this is about to be a great game!!!!
day out in london tommorow meeting up with my beautiful daughter grandaughter son in law sta in borough market see what day brings
when you're excited to go to work so you can get away from homework
wow.....first lamebrain i get to block on twitter is a chick..... .
gs fans stay classy. boo the mvp
'acche din' for flyers: cap on airfares, lower fee on excess baggage pls put a cap first on essential commodities.
this is a good first tweet.
diy essex girl fucked   hardcore tracks
beware the "snowball effect" blackman! pa 2
the happiest life is that which constantly exercises and educates what is best in us   thursday
yes! love
  bihdaysway  bihdaysway  bihdaysway  bihdaysway
filling the void in my hea with back to back conces all july long.
just found out that macbeth has been given the title of thane of cawdor! couldn't be prouder of my brilliant husband.
it's like a pizza in a cone! and all i have is tahini, spinach and crackers.
all the kisses all love
isaac gave everyone except me a button except me
the world's biggest problem is that intelligent people are full of doubts, while stupid people are full of confidence.
if we (pentecostals) were as passionate about lost souls as we are about politics we'd turn the world upside down.
zara is one of the loveliest girls i've met doing pageants, but i do agree with miss gb's decision to strip her title after love island
name the news channel else, shut up.
happiness is seeing your friend trapped in the name of marriage :)
oh, and... and.... and... we have a hotel stay in a month. two nights! yayyy!!!
work out the idea of creating a substantive argument and making a point rather than calling names.
can i be staing withdrawals already  fan
*act. instagram* look who's back home!
he got you two rings, just be
each speech one aft anoth, becomes better, more powerful, more meaningful. she's definitely our next pres!
in nj, we are always at play, but never in play.
2ne1 is ready to comeback but i think yg will release the new gg first hehe
have to postpone mirror of the witch. bc next week there will be shinhye's drama on the list !! &amp; &amp; &amp; uncontrollably fond too !!
i post waaaay to many pictures with my boyfriend but aww well lol
watch first season of scream, on netflix!!!
my "happy things place"  all my scuba stuff is here, from the beginning to now
positive vibes baby...that's all i'm about...
a very exciting meeting later today!!
we think greg is   with his order. don't you?    pls keep voting for
not having a father has made me realise how we should appreciate the fathers that are present in their children's lives   father's day
now playing  :  philip wesley - " dark night of the soul" on     music song
one more shift in work then i'm off till monday!!!!! and off to benidorm tomorrow
but i'm broke now until the 25th
at work.. gonna miss the tony's
hey, i saw that you're a training fan, so i ask you to check my free app, it's known as "my training" on app store
dropped him from my fantasy team last minute. though france would run riot.
damn my knicc boys aint even in the playoffs but somehow melo name gets mentioned smfh
lessons to be learned   why do we...hate?    don't shoot d messenger...just press play ...
orlando massacre: what we need to say - grazia
baby find me on website my id is "sexy404"   ==&gt;
new video shows how  this guy  and how he staed to abuse and humiliated an muslim guy
   general knowledge quiz  set seven
keep your teeth  !
shows that animals are every bit as emotional &amp; capable of emotions as humans.
now playing  :  eiko yamashita - " eternal dream" on     music song
the power to retweet myself = the power to use this photo again and again.
what i do
  ventura: 'happy with italy': giampiero ventura is happy to be italy ct but at my age he can't get ...
hey im bored got nails
during this week's assembly, the principal launches the end of year rewards trip to all students.
shut up rat
a mother can take care of ten children but sometimes ten children can't take care of mother.
only the good stuff: multivitamins for your weekend [06.11.16]
i wasn't aware facebook was a legislature.
looking back at all the people i had in middle school vs. now
first day meeting the cast for one hundred thousand breaths, directed by liam meragh, and i get to write it!
you will fail to succeed ;)
they'll be more positive test results for diseases than weddings and actual commitments.
  whenever i go online it reminds me that i am a shitty human being with no talent and no friends
 , mad, syfy, furious, bar fight, wyonna earp, bobo del ray, michael eklund via giphy
6-4 placement games :))) now it's time for the real grind to begin!
... mentally he maybe 16yrs
nice day at the park for a cookout and then went to a pool pay. now this lavender essential oil is killing me to sleep.
plan to be there for an autographed copy of   endings
so done!! flight delayed by nearly 5hrs!!!!  &amp;frustrated
sorry to hear that, as my mum is 95 years and has been in a care home for last eight months. i have that to come
(cont'd) ...signed to various labels would be   to tell you...i got friends in most of them...that includes game...as far as his...
farahdhukai's video   this is so true yet so
you make me smile
justin &amp; i are officially buying are first home. the sellers accepted our offer!
on the train on the way to london! still can't believe i'm going to google headquaers this morning!   doesn't even cover it!
instead of being   with somone, why not try to figure out what they are here to teach you...they always teach us something!
i. have. reliable. internet. again.
yay it's official today governor herbe signed it into law that if you assault a medical responder it is a felony charge now
  bihday to me
 women nude anal anal t girls
  men's day to all men
more depressing scenes from the euros. don't see the point in football tournaments any more and dread what's in store in russia 2018.
porn blue tube  office woman
  fathers day to all the wonderful dads.
what a time to be alive! momma always said, "don't worry, everything will be okay" and tonights news just proved her right once again
the sellers accepted my offer. and the process begins
"you can't spray a good perfume without getting a little bit of good scent on you"
fo woh, texas, police chief: officer acted 'rude' but not racist in viral video
many upsides to being a cto but going away on business on a sunday on father's days when you kids are on a steam train ride isn't one.
a little saturday read with your coffee and strain of choice.   weekend.
now playing  :  karen marie garrett - " finale of the rose" on     music song
even though i always understood the rules, i continuously fail 2 understand people &amp; why they harm each other.
i just went hambones on some bagels
you're coming to albuquerque?! yes!
so sorry to hear that, you put a lot of hard work.
another sunday feeling gloomy
i like you. .darling
when your boyfriend is moving in &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; house
just got super worked up and stressed and then i realized that tomorrow is the last day of skool
if you are suffering from   try salmon:
i sta folding all these clothes up and after 2 minutes i be like ok break time
friends with benefits com    in paraguay
yes make every day and minute count for something! happy day to all. happy fathers day!
wants obama to catch mad cow disease after being caught w/herford. dies before trial. buried in cow pasture.
  bihday to me
just listened to savannah guthrie of liberal nbc interviewing trump in the wake of the orlando shooting, mediocre journalism at best.  .
first week of school is a success i though i couldn't do it, but i did!  thank you lord!
england play today!!
now playing  :  craig armstrong - " hymn 3" on     music song
it was a sad night 4 honest women when a lying corrupt espionage murder enabler can b ones nominee 4 highest office in greatest country
  hardcore tracks suedoise teen porn
getting ready 2 lock horns with gullu butts of pmln. don't u know powerful in sohni dhei has no respect 4 law.
how you want be vs how mom want you to be. vs   soul
hey old sharks alumni you never even sniffed a cup here, want to come root for you old team?
got to help a little tule cross the road all because a nice grain truck driver moved out of the way so it didn't get hit, yay!
go veggie -worked for me, 61, fitter, slimmer and more youthful looking than many of my contemporaries.  no really.
i appreciate you, my dudes.
family pictures coming soon..
all types of all kinds of that there
my name often times auto corrects to leukemia
noooooo. a this real?
first day of school
looking forward to the weekend going to flamingo land with my little family
praying for orlando and for all the families involved ....
hey, i saw that you're a fitness fan, so i invite u to test my free app, it's called "my training" on appstore
'coz it's sunday ^_^
about to arrive in the cold rainy english noh, first time back in newcastle  since 2012  !
i was not born in a test tube   father's day
i'm still in a little bit of disbelief that in a couple of months i'm going to be staing my year abroad in the us
  new year sex photo of couple having sex
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing anger. male and
yayy!!! that show i definitely on my list of   things!!!
happy new year
im spendig alone the whole weekend and i have 3 exams left :(
mehn what a big lost!  delta is lose two heros! keshi and kosoko wife!
i sweat you thanks babygirl hmu when ur gay xoxo
y'all mamas don't really love y'all    that's why you don't get where i'm coming from
yay! dinner plans at moe's and finding dory tonight with my favs!!
  independence day philippines
these niggas burning &amp; won't let you know &amp; these females burning &amp; won't let you know
thefashionpoet: our purpose is to be   &amp; to make others happy too. share it. in giving, we receive that energ
finally got my furniture paid off!!!!!  !!! babe &amp;&amp; i  paid 2 and a 1/2 months in advance and it's finally mine!!
 do you want to meet me??   -
i won't waste my time on some  sdob that has to plaster color on his profile blm  bacon lettuce maters matter on 2 slices of bread
going to ocharley's, then bae (bestie) is coming over, then andretti's for college night!
i'm sorry, but i think i'm pretty awesome. i just don't get it. why am i always second best?   /confused/sadagaintweet
cordially salute to one who sacrifices everything for happiness of his child..the real hero...world call him papa...  father's day....
  bihday nude girl sexual egyptian nude women chat
dumfries for the weekend then newcastle next week!
 currently available live. clicking on the links   -
now playing  :  sophie hutchings - " seventeen" on     music song
d1wvu hockey shoutout to alumni greg scholtz 1998-02   bihday
things are staing to shift...
just lost all my music on my phone. wtf!!!
was this a  last minute event? this almost reminds me of the rubio and cruz rallies where you knew they were done.
ah w'd rather be happy than  , cuss it all t' tarnation. varejao more &gt;&gt;
today is my first day at my job :) can't wait :p
making my alfredo dinner and going to cry and be
wow that sounds lit mine is engaged and it's not to me
[ 54,23% off ]    happy people - asiento plegable (32 x 32 x 42 cm), color gris
good morning...i'm sincerely  .
the orlando shooting got me thinking got me thinking like damn. why do these things even have to happen. wheres the humanity?
i always tell me people i miss them and they don't say it back  .com
many people in my country listen to folk music. their choice. but some have never even considered that there's another genre out there.
welcome back!
not anymore. i'm getting maccas for dinner
feel good it's friday!
ignoring me will bring you what you really want?
today stas something brand new!!!
going on school trip to work from today till friday.
fuck the cavs...
once my sister moves her stuff to new her house, i can sta on my room &amp; walk-in closet
strongly against the wiggins for love deal. didn't like it then, don't like it now
i was wondering how my 3 month old  is doing, then in 1 day, 2 past customers call me for more!
my last day today at work before i sta my new job next week. its half day and parklife tomorrow!
knossos &amp; akrotiri not included because they aren't unesco world heritage sites.
it's arrested development, preferring live in a fantasy world than face reality.
a dad asked his ~4 y/o daughter "how's the cappuccino?" as she sipped on a cup of foamy steamed milk    daddy
   she was a talented young lady.
the biggest worry i have in life right now is which chacos to wear w the tshi i put on. &amp; im ok w that.  :)
looking forward to the day snapchat gets rid of the dog filter.
come on baby!! we want to meet you!!!
wtf is this.
when older people see this pic their nose remembers the smells. why close down impoant sites like this?
had a good girls night with my two fav's at starbucks tonight
all of you inhumane mfs who are making jokes about what happened in orlando .. im going to pray for y'all, apparently u have no hea .
i'm going home today! no more shit ass hospital food and hourly obs.
no 1 is up
feeling good today
everyday drugstore makeup tutorial  uploading today  1st video
baby says he hates me today
for months guitar player in at&amp;t/direct tv commercial was just some generic washed-up rock &amp; roll star.   is it really jon bon jovi?
because he can't shoot for shit. never could.
when you're only friend is your boyfriend
i could kill someone right now...
mike and i went to see finding dory and it was sold out
i don't do this shit because i got to, i do it because i want to... because i love it! i'll never need permission to do what makes me
ready to go!!!  !
  fathers day   to those people:  jinko faltoo m sab ka  abba,  bane ki adat hoti hai
actually belly chuckled at this.
1. my real bihday was supposed to be on august but i came out a month early from my mother's womb. so here i am, a july baby!
setting up alarm for sahur..it reminded me that i have 4 hours from now to wake up for sahur..and i am still on the bus, home from work
  fathers day guys
just be happy
  sex blonde youtube porn hd
  bihday sexy girl christian vincent nude porn
to my husband, who has earned not just the title of dad, but of daddy too.   fatherless
lets call it a celebration   bday to me
 video men and womenmalayalam girl with dreads porn video
people need to understand that it isn't a joke &amp; that you can't just " walk away " from these kinds of comments
less than 2dayd and then i'm out of here for 7 weeks before moving to leeds
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
usama won't be paicipating in thursday's "kill a jew or christian with a knife" ramadan challenge
late night plans...
by lack of a team present, the dutch media are now analyzing euro 16 referees because one of them is dutch.
happiness is the best of the day. smille    face
these bitches be broke, ugly and pressed. not a good look
randa beat tecia tho.
every man for himself type of generation
  slapping porn big naked women
1. mass shooting  2. discuss 1-5 weeks  3. do nothing  4. unto newer topics..
new york bistro faces shocking accusations: hosts hid minorities at cramped tables out of sight
"your people" would have all died of scurvy their first winter if the first nations hadn't shown them a cute.
what's made you   today?
my hair is hydrated and nice i'm so
it's crazy how once upon a time you looked at somebody with respect &amp; now when u look at them all u see is disappointment &amp; regret.
nothing worse than a politician trying to capitalise on a tragedy.   in so many ways.
ok....srsly....when people don't know what they're talking about, they shouldn't be talking about....
was just cussed out &amp; called a racist on fb over "work attire" thread yep. my comment was dreads wouldnt be safe in ceain jobs.
  af right now
pickle ball time!
had the best week/weekend celebrating dads 50th  now time to chill out get back on the diet and focus on what's to come
we have to make a decision to be   on the inside now, to magnetize a life of happiness on the outside.
is it just me but ariana grande is amazing ... wait i have no follower   life
precisely why the deplorables are up in arms
stop wishing death on mine shafts, basti.
ahh, the old days, when fans weren't entitled, and the student section was the subject of admiration.
so, i'm gonna watch house of cards
i'll never understand folks who waste away their health (&amp; life) using drugs
  buttsex anal trio
these edits tho
finishing at 6pm on my bihday instead of 00h30.
somethings i cared for i don't even care for anymore
  father's day to the most amazing. dad love you xxx
the sad thing after the mass shootings happens it seems like the crime rate goes up afterward. it seems to be true for san bernardino
get   now! there's no time to lose
the sad moment when you walk into a bookstore and see what can't take all the books
while politicians yell about jobs, i actually grow them. i am very proud of that. today was a good day.
i want 2 remind every1 to hold your loved 1s close 2nite! just saw the aftermath of a horrible accident! a young lady lost her life!
i have my bed, food and netflix
mera sayaa ban ke chale mere papa    fathers day  love dad thnku for giving me happy beautifull lyf.....
  25th wedding anniversary!!
that's fab. many feel effects of lack of light  ....clock change in paicular a time of anxiety. you're a star x
in other news, my bro brought home 2 big toblerons, a pack of curly tops and 2 mini kitkats.
thank you daddy    father's day
noon hour   hour!! monday - friday 11:30 a.m. - 1 p.m. get an ice cold draft or 1 oz. liquor for only $3.50
new trending gif on giphy
wait for it guys....
  happy bihday to aim, possibly the world's most successful growth market: is the alternative investme...
be   in this moment , because this moment is your life
thank you!  lol
what's a father's day without your papi?
are you afraid to be  ?
gonna scream my head off on some rollercoasters today
damn, i need to appreciate my life more!
that moment when you need to do something on your phone and you remember that you don't own one anymore. my life though!!!!!!!!
if it makes you  , go for it
you're only young once, so stop worrying and be
it was an error on my pa i agree.  she was an exceptional performer, i was thrown off by an something inconsequen
now playing  :  michael nyman - " nyman: the piano - the hea asks pleasure first" on     music song
about to go crazy..........
  fish-in-a-jelly: trapped or happy to be there?: does a viral photo spell gloom or glory for a fish tha...
  father's day. i can't say how much i love u more than anything dad. thx for everything u have give to me without u am nothing
every time a young person dies am always left with many question like 'what is the role i played in his/her life while still alive?'
never lose an oppounity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is god's handwriting.    weekend folks
hefty hefty day doing development work. we have discovered we aren't just a uk first, we're a world first
what time was yours taken, lil buddy.  i saw videos of lines around the block. so where did they go?  what a burger?
2016 was the year white liberals realized how unjust, , and sexist america is
after all this glow up, oomf still won't talk to me
sex games on newgrounds   teen
  hardcore sets black sexy images
wen will south choose dark south heroines. kajal tamanna amy wtf??
  hardcore sets female squiin
this wasn't only an attack on the lgbt community, but america as well.  they may have been isolated/targets, but this affects everyone.
he should turn in his resignation.
like 8 weeks left of work and i'm off for 6 weeks then off to university !!
bout to spend new year's eve playing  the game lol
he knows me y'all!  this is why trump shouldn't win. to pipe down whatever ego boost everyone is getting out of it
her not working with trump should be a good thing
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
the search for the toddler who was grabbed by the alligator at disney has switched from rescue to recovery. so  .
happy bihday my gorgeous thing! today is all about you so soak it up you superstar!
  bihday sexy girl nude mens
"  in the workplace &amp; family responsibilities add to pressure as they face unequal pay &amp; lack of suppo"
i am really
so fuckinn true
 peruvian women nds adult game
the way my dad and boyfriend talk to each other . guess you an say my dad likes my boyfriend.
  heabreaking photo of jo cox as a 'happy and talented' schoolgirl who was 'loved by everyone': the he...
   feeling good
threatening to kill but people in the comment section praise him
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
greek girls having ana sex  black girl porn
luth nurses begin indefinite strike    ...
payday today    friday
  sex blonde naked snowboarding sexy
here at park place junior, we are dedicated to making the dentist a   experience for kids. one dentist in...
  after sex mother porn gallery
fragrance spotlight: get happy this spring/summer with clinique - latf usa
guys in 2 hours and 30 mins i wont have to worry about wasting money on anymore mics lol
love love love being surprised... but i love surprising people even more
  dragon porn sex sorority girls
  hardcore techno songs slim naked women giving blow jobs
half of my likes on ig pics are tinder baddies.
bout to get my first ipsy glam bag
wow .. first yall killing yall own kind , now we killing women come on na ...
just found out that my daughters mom be dropping off my daughter to go fuck niggas just because she wanna feel impoant
bad headache and bad hea palpitations . haven't had any in 3 months now really bad. being on anxiety and todd is out of town ....
to be  , we must not be too concerned with others. ~ albe camus
going to get these covered up hopefully today. mwahahahaha. can't wait.   can't wait to get rid of his name.
can't believe it's news now days that driver stayed at scene. old days it was rare driver left the scene.
let's put a tank in front of every nightclub in america. every school. every theater. every church. bowling alley...
threats from terrorists are becoming real
journalism is what you do ?
mlm ini stay wr;)   -,-
ok that's nasty
i'm rolling with unc tomorrow. we going fishing!!!
ready for next week..
when i say niggas ain't shit smh they aint shit!!!
  48th weeksary and 11th monthsary!aldub.
i've been waiting this feeling of freedom for last 15 weeks this semester was way more difficult than the previous one.
gonna live in aeon soon wtfffff
i don't even know what is/isn't  anymore.
all my dreams are about work.....
i miss you all so much!!
it's one week till spos day!
  fathersday to all
enjoy this majestic feeling of power which makes you so   and proud when you accomplish specific objective in life - s. ali
not that easily!
seen somebody post a pic with a big paragraph under it. the pic was their dads grave and then they had a blunt held up to the pic..
thanks mom to make me feel bad. exactly what i need in a really frustrated and terrible day.
 fathersday -fathers-day-2014-greeting-cards-1024x589 buy things about "happy f
  fathers day all you dads. a special shout out to my dad in heaven. though we sure didn't see eye to eye. i loved you then and now
i can't wait to not bet game 6 tom that's how i roll
the truth is staring us straight in the face! sadly people believe what they see on tv and read in the papers!
if death standing says anything about anything. it's that when you have a norman reedus fetus, you do all you can to make no sense.
  hardcore vinyls italian hardcore sex
florida teen commits suicide over nude snapchat video of her
a productive  day.
now playing  :  joe bongiorno - " into the wind" on     music song
cross check day passed!  next week, on to response driving!
pen just realies that pen love those long arm coon shi so much, they are so cozzy and relaxing( some how)
minutes to broadway's biggest night!!!
 , saturday night live, yay, high five, cecily strong, bobby moynihan, mc donalds,
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
gala week programmes are in the shop now.
fuck the haters!   .
great night tonight. just love a family pay. now for some zzzzzz's.
excited for saturday i'm off to the fake festival for my sister bihday, with my sis,her mates and me and my mate, my mom ( )
  fathers days to all the men who try their best to be there everyday and not just today
so truueee!!! see you be
when u find yourself up watching food videos  i just made myself hungry
fuck u isis/homophobicbiggots/theeu/uefa &amp; russia   at u all today!
i despise . in that hatred of racism, it causes me, and many other black people in
just saw my first firefly of the summer...
the navy comes for the hives looks when they have nothing left to try and drag bey for
you media types just 'shopped it. there was a yuge bigly crowd there..in his mind.
suspected henrico vandal's mother: 'my son isn't racist'
everyone thought i was closer to danger when i moved to dc, turns out the danger was a little closer to home. this needs to stop. now.
"...your stage time and red carpet schedule..."   red carpet in la... if you know what i mean
  to learn one who deserves love in full wonder is served cold emotion &amp; excuse ridden lack of effo from one who declares loving them
think i finally decided on my next tattoo
happy father's day! let's celebrate the great men out there   day fathersday
  hardcore vinyls boca raton teen sexual assault
are you    or  are you really comfoable?  comment below
cannot believe i have completed my occupational therapy course. looking forward to the next chapter!
everyday life for a white south african.
who's going to the 2016 warped tour in cincinnati, ohio????!!!
many, many americans. that's right.
  bday my lovely wife
ronnie enjoying the sunshine and daisy field
rest in peace my name sake..stephen keshi... ..
maybe it's time for conservatives &amp; working class americans to really take a stand.
sorry for my inactivity  i am having a test this week.  but after the test videos are back once again.
  11th year anniversary of michael jackson's vindication!
big screen is up... full menu available for every game... have you booked your table yet?
no, google, no i do *not* want to see video highlights of the gsw vs. cle game. please stop asking.
happy father's day  dad i l o v e u s o m u c h   . .   fathersday [pic]
people that refer to a major nominee of a pay "shillary" make me sick. regardless of opinion of her, have basic human respect. jesus.
  sex blonde online streaming adult
ticket booked for this house with piervld - can't wait to be there  marrakech
vic works a double tomorrow
damn my life is pretty awesome right now... kids are great, bills are paid, about to get married..
dayton's not on the list! keep those smiles coming!
just a shame that chester is  losing you
sounds like a dare...
i miss hawaii so much...
i just saw a kid drop all there stuff outside
and i just don't want to lose the attachment of knot that i made with these few people that i have right now ;&gt;   :]]
but!  i'm also correct whom our enemies are, and whom to ally with; to rid ourselves of , and join together in what we have in common
massachusetts has the worst pizza i've ever had in my life it actually scares me how bad it is
orange is the new black is back on netflix. that's my weekend taken care of along with the tv tennis at queens!
  clinton: i'm 'happy to use' the phrase 'radical islamism': presumptive democratic presidential nominee...
good morning nt and   tuesday to you!
  euro 2016 lovely things: happy spanish mascot, gianluigi buffon still belting out the classics, irish ...
i've had such an amazing senior year filled w fun times, good things, people &amp;accomplishments. wouldn't have wanted it any other way
indianapolis colts black cheerleader hugs boy who used  slur. so. much. class
be   with who you are xx
you know that one client that says zilch the whole process then right when the project is approved, he brings up an offline concern?
 fave
extended hours just to finish discharge summaries so that i can have my leave form signed early. okay lang basta maka pag leave!!!
it's the stone roses day
that's exactly what i'm talking about!
2 days left in work!!
stuck in bed +movies   sunday
please, just stop.
don't cry over the past, it's gone. don't stress yourself over the future, it hasn't arrived . live in the present and enjoy it.
so sad!!
i wake up to a empty phone every morning
this would never happen nowadays
worship has been hard to get into this year at camp. the tech pa of me has gone crazy because it has been distracting/borderline bad.
when both your baes are together and your studying   but damn they fine
priority tou choro koi 2nd option tk ni banata  - with 49 others
hmm definitely something wrong with this picture
guys! i'm out of the house and i don't have a child either strapped to me or beside me!! first time in almost three months
unfounately the show will be cancelled today   but if i manage to settle a new time or date i will let you know
dallas fam i might be coming on up for a visit.
the countdown till these assholes are gone  obama and moron creepy uncle joe! bye bye  scum!
uh oh! that doesn't sound good &amp; can i just say that pic is breaking my hea
like to know why you can't buy pot at the local drug store?  marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
no liberal believes that. we are the pay of inclusivity who believes in equality for all, anywhere. you are a tra
at a loss of words. in the name of faith...   | american pastor makes outrageous comments
still   ::::::: people can't stop talking about how this girl defended her girlfriend on twitter: good ...
add comment here
  after sex real college fucking
beauty inspires  the mind towards positivity
we were just talking about gun violence last night..  50 dead in shooting at gay nightclub in orlando;
today was weigh-in day.
its very sad to see your country posturing for civil war with a wanton disrespect of human rights, by both the government &amp; opposition
if kyra don't get her   assssss on somewhere
i tried to play never have i ever on my (dutch) instagram acc but i only received 1 questions
  fathers day and happy sunda may the good lord bless you all
had a couple of great skype write sessions with jon macdonald!!  songrise city... couple of killer songs!
i was watching justin's new clip and thinking abt my days of famous/rich
  father's day..papa (ken) and joshua (daddy)
everyone's call keeps bein forwarded to an automated voice message
time to order some bathing suits.
(editor's note: shit)
my hea goes out to the family of that little boy killed by the gator in orlando. as a parent...  i can't think of anything worse...
"is there half n' half available?" sorry, just whole milk. *dumps coffee out in front of us* seriously?
for the past 40years, i've watched a steady decline in the number and diversity of waders at okarito.
so when is your next klan meeting?! my wife isn't white &amp; i'm proud of her &amp; our love. we are each others gift from
  prettyboy mca mulan:
mood =
beginning to pack up my room and bit by bit my identity is just disappearing
now playing  :  john r. burr - " for the asking" on     music song
  please be kind and like our page on  . thank you, celebrains
finally my computer is back ;)  .
since finding god things have got better
best decision i've made in quite some time.
is there a cawheel emoji? i needed one for kramer robeson's "return" tweet.
jst the past few weeks a close family frnd was kidnaped,beatten up only found him 2weeks  hope's  death hits home
get   ...$2 well till 5p and happy hour prices till 8
you like funny? you like insane? we got funny and insane! follow these people because that's how we pay them
 , animals, hat, chill, content, bucket, polar bear
happy bihday to the person i'd do anything for to bring back.
wahhhh!!!!!  white ppl arent allowed to do this!!!  .   fuck you rich. we don't care
work without cam around is actual work
good evening everyone...
i'll see my girls again later. jungle theme! pay hard! aw hahaha
you never wish death on anybody! to hear a wife wish death on her husband for a cousin was just wild to me
  father's day. today we honor our eahly father's. how much more should we honor and praise our heavenly father who is the provider
i freakinv love her
thank-you for sharing.....we are very excited!!!
  keeping chickens and consumers happy: when i die, i want to come back as an organic chicken. okay, not...
atk porn pics  representations of women in men's alcohol ads
happy brithday hoshi oppa   hoshi day
"lol, i swear more girls are obsessed with me than guys" uhh lmao i'm sorry for you that you don't realize how self absorbed you are
there use to be this saying, " word is bond" , what happened to the good ol days!!
yeah met dr. winter, the ohopedic surgeon, again for check my hands &amp; -yeehaaaw- i'm completely recovered
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
lelo and stitch
thanku very much baby
flying to greece today!
passed out naked girls   hardcore compilation
i am beyond devastated at today's news. that it should happen absolutely anywhere and at any time in the world, never mind orlando.
can't wait to get my new phone
roll on the 9th july when i get my new semi-permanent eyebrows
now this i've been waiting a damn long time for!!!!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
oh, how we have digressed.
panama is beautiful
made my night hahahha
stamp ? 100,000
let give everyone who died last night in orlando a moment of silence   day
getting ready for 5ps collective workshop.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
please dont fall for someone else. ako lang please.
this changes things.
was just talking about this yesterday. the censorship we are seeing is unreal. our 1a &amp; 2a are under attack.
we are thrilled to offer these superb solutions to our customers in noh america.
what makes me  please let me know!!
i want a teeny tiny tattoo but everyone says that i need to get it bigger and i don't wanna
i'll be online on over 200 music sites
he only has words no depth for action he's a fraud
even after orlando, only 25% agreed with trump's reaction.
toxic gas leaks onboard ins vikramaditya; two dead, two injured.
and since then, no canadian team has won the stanley cup...
  happy zen spirit:
i'm not a lady, bc i have a voice, opinion and i'm not scared to speak my mind! wait.. isn't that  &amp; against
there are people that "don't like me" and dedicating their lives to getting my attention to make me see the shady shit they say ):
you are absolutely positively right!
not work till tuesday
218 claims another. wear your seat belts people. what a shame.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
weird i am making my first trip ever to detroit and gordie passed away. going to visit the joe on the way out of town to pay respects.
  bihday sexy girl hardcore christian gamer
just read about mt. everest for an hour after watching everest. crazy stuff.
why people have so much hatred that they think it's acceptable to kill is beyond me! the worlds gone mad
freedom! destiny finally finished updating!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
krimjiho: cohiarin happy bihday tu yul happy bihday tu yul happy bday happy bday happy bihday tu yul
a sad day in america. our sitting president endorses a liar who is under investigation. lawbreaker given a free pass.   sad day
it's been a   day for many people... &amp; turned up to be personally yu's as well... yu just
  sex stories girl gone wild nude
sunday in family
many who claim to be mature and have a high level of discernment are being manipulated by unbelievers with no track record with god.
  trump backers sing 'happy bihday' to presumptive nominee: toward the end of his speech, trump suppor...
no liberal believes that. we are the pay of inclusivity who believes in equality for all, anywhere. you are train
council staff have been instructed by the anc to go slow and make the da look bad. this was exposed a few weeks ago.
please share!  feel so
emma stone on hollywood : "they've given my jokes away to male co-stars"  via
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
frank and his dad  fathers day
lol must be can't i ask her plenty times while your she sober
be one of us!  and be positive always!  :)     feeling chill
words can't explain how   i am at this moment.
funny how nba will do anything for money.
i think i may have just sent my first tweet.   fathers day
these babies are being brought born in the wrong generation smdh
trump campaign: female judges could be biased, too he must hate women
bitch look at yo favorites and shit
we were indeed   at 10am!  -  yours truly, the kids, teachers and (!) the vicar too.
sorry practicum, but got is more appealing.
  pussy pussy lip photo
have we ever had peotus willing to complain abt his defeated opponent &amp; pay well after election over, and to do s
journalism should be done impaially and without personal bias. unfounately, many seem to lack that capacity
officially 18    bday to me
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
love good news can't wait for the next 3 months, hopefully be a cracker
go go aldub/maichard nation, lapit natin sa 1 yr  aldub11thmonthsary
  flag day!  the chinese flag is full of deeper meaning. the red background represents the communist...
  hardcore fantasy sexy homemade teens
sunglasses are currently at the bottom of a lake
today is the day! let's sta getting ready!  !
when already adolescents, elsa and ana lost their parents in a  shipwrecked
i love my little life.
until two days ago where i was about to break up with her because i didn't want to hu her
can't quite believe that an mp has been murdered on uk streets. not only a tragedy for her family but also an attack on democracy
we are coming for you chuckie cheese    kids
and how do jews plan on doing the work of god without god?  matthew 1:23 "...and they will call him immanuel (whic
my baby had haters before she was even born.
  hardcore vinyls adult adhd add
the internet has helped devalue human life. my prayers go out to the folks in orlando and countless other places.
i can't believe that they don't show blazing saddles on tv any more just because the lead actor is a black man... that's
maybe we've shed some fuckin light on shit in duluth and they can go get the real fuckin shitheads' kids   very
congratulations nicola! see you in october.
yay, more domestic terrorism!
happy new year white people elected a  president who treats women like crap and a biher disrespectful kkk suppoed white devil.
every time i see a replay of dustin johnson's 3 putt from last years u.s. open, i can't help but think if only he had a seemore
is this ok nowadays? is the question on my latest blog. i am not sure how the world thinks anymore
  my books aren't here
white fragility: why its so hard to talk to white people about :
when i was complaint about not having enough friends and now everyone hits me up all the time
when you think it's wednesday...but it's actually still tuesday.
tweeting after a long time.
how you fw dude after yo ole man go off to college   y'all hoes wild
u r so corny we are all sitting at the same table lmaoo
such a great night last night everyone loved it! now time to spend the day celebrating my god daughters 2nd bihday
must be that "thing" soros said if obama doesn't get it done, he'll "get someone who will!" heard it my ears.
 thas it right there
what i thought was real ... was not ...it was aal
who u epp lyrics on go......  moment diz morning
i just realized that yesterday was probably one of the best days i've had this summer!
sad to see what is happening to rayc and chidi benz..... well outlined to the public, drug abuse is such a matter affecting the young!
  hanging out with tucson's happy hour hobblers: a few years ago, manzini and board member alyssa hoyt p...
be   with who you are!
a shitty video driving by lake mono. a unique limestone lake slowly getting drained by l a like most of cali.
finally a cooler breezy day! i'm so  !
here's how to combat violent extremism in 2017. "the white nationalist who came to dinner"
in nh, some cheer a dangerous caricature of a person using words he doesn't understand to try and capitalize on  tragedy for votes
i'm lien cuz i'm not getting up
eeek! the countdpwn is on! 1 more day to go and i'll be on a train down south!
pretty decent game so far
everybody swears their lives are so busy, but they are actually just lazy
i had spaghetti for lunch and tea today
i wish i could buy overwatch but i have no credit card
book is 59000,  i have 58000 , but she/ cashier can't close her eyes and let this pass. i walk out as i came in
i hate being only one at doctor without someone.
my thoughts and prayers go out to the victims in florida.... how can someone have so much hate in their heas?
is officially a working girl again!
today is a good day to have a great one
beach lunch with my girls!!!!
when i feel   - recognizing, expressing &amp; managing anger. printable activity, color and b&amp;w ver
 education turn joke now
u mean?? reveal ur marriage date?
ate! no hashtag po sa "happy" thanks :)   happy 9months zeuskodawn
2 pounds off this week total of 2 stone 5 pounds gone forever! never looking back i'm looking forward
watching a janis joplin documentary.  i really didn't know much about her until now.
   sunday dee dee
if phareel's   was on soultrain
i just found activities for my 3 lesson plans for class!
happy tuesday ! what are we all up to today! we have some exciting developments to finish today in answer to our feedback surveys!
re-read my tweet oh yea good one.... has become   reality
nigga's gossip like bitches, &amp;&amp; bitches fuckin like nigga's.
  pentecost sunday saints, don't come before the lord empty handed. release what is in your hand. he will release what is in his!!
now playing  :  lee blaske - " 15 - through the mirror - pa 2" on     music song
you would struggle to find two nicer people than these two, congratulations from everybody at mtfc! -
it's all about attitude.
finally new phone upgrade
so in less than a year these kids lost both parents! wow! may god give them the strength to go through this
orlando shooter, omar mateen, called a doctor during the attack
again with the dwarf thumb
be passionate~be happy  don't let anyone stop you from doing the things you love
(only) black lives matter also closely affiliated with and suppoed by workers world pay and other communist org
i guess you was just like the rest of em!
to people who know you but are not friends to friends who are there but never with you to those who can never or will be anything to you
  john rosemond: let kids make the decision to be happy: he was talking to an audience about how to be a...
ugh same here
bitch i wish my bestfriend would come back on some funny shit cause i'm in hs
his speeches rate very high with my seo content check app
are you putting off being   ?  why?
lil bro playing ball this year! i'm about to have him swagged out!!
  trans pride everyone
this appears to be endemic. should one wonder why many have lost confidence in our institutions?
these hoes miserable so they go out their way to try to make somebody else miserable
  bihday  balakrishna
its not racist to want to protect our country from people who want to see our country burn. its not fair for the people who were shot.
get rid of it!   ego-less tuesday
rest in peace, stephen keshi.
 factsguide: this photo by kerstin langenberger shows how polar bears are being affected by climate change.
no idea when the day will come
can't wait to go to macedonia next year
i'll place the stars as the world falls down it's falling down it's a repulsive little chap.
this time tomorrow ahhhh
critics threaten boycotts of simon &amp; schuster over milo yiannopoulos book deal | the huffington post
i've spent the morning with my baby and the whole afternoon with horses i am
the blessings of the lord add no sorrow!    fathers day to all the responsible fathers! blessed sunday
live with happiness
i guess i found out about you :/
its funny when mfs always got sum to say bout yo life but ain't got a pot too piss in or a window to threw it out of
came home this    wifehappylife wifehappylife
make a conscious decision to be  .  you can't control the world!  you can control your mood!
well said
today (y)   (y)
stop. just stop.
guess what my mom said were not going to houston i'm bummed then she said oh your on your period can't go maybe next monday
what a piss poor excuse...  !
yoyas market in deming nm did not sell beer to me because i'm white they said they were closed then a hispanic walked in n they sold
now playing  :  abandoned toys - " flickering embrace" on     music song
that's not diversity, you dipshits!
more pro-bernie egg people with zero followers. so this is what the end of the revolution looks like.
quietly humming "all i do is win" on my way to my next meeting. may have dropped a thug tear or two
finally got time for gym
so tonight, spagetti bolognaise and scrabble. dd2 &amp; dd3 came home from work with new books, one for me too.
just read shana m. account of her meeting mj and i cant wait for the entire book to come out. she is an excellent writer.
 those photos you have not seen, go to the site
it's never too late to have a   childhood.  - berke breathed
cant wait to use the home app     oh wait...
i'll follow her anywhere...
laugh as much as you breath and love as long as you live. life is too sho..just be   (:
the problem with trolls is it's always the same old same old. they're never original or witty. there's no spark there. no joie de vivre.
senator warren is one of the best qualified people in 100 years to be a  us senator. when republican nominee calls her goofy pocahontas
there's so much mayhem going on with shootings and bombing, i can barely keep up with it all.
i know - scary, isn't it?
suspected people :3
senseless death...no one shld ever have to die this way.
i tell you he's a gop mole !
aptly named... we have whitesboro in ny with its ndn killing town seal, and whiteland with its mascot
  hardcore sets sex teens bikini
ugh we just moved &amp; da kids really got me in da house by myself already..
free porn all day   2b hardcore 4
unfounately, we're friends no more...
what is funny is that most of the world thinks gays are one happy group looking for equality. so much fighting behind the scenes smdh.
when i see nave girls on here i been feeling so bad for them bcuz y'all really look to this shit for validation and acceptance
i wish i can stop hiding who i am, it's hard for people not to know. it's hard to show them that no matter what, i am still me.
on the bright side thoughh..... wedding dress appt saturday!!!
taking guns away or giving people guns... it honestly doesn't matter because people are gonna still be hateful and do what they want
going to twenty one pilots conce on july 12.
yes! herb alpe under a full moon.
people stop being pedantic and leave ed sheeran alone
hair launch soon can't wait to show case all my wigs!!!!
best of luck to you!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
an act of hate stas a wildfire of more hate. instead of coming together we just hate each other for having different political views.
i just ... gosh.. i hate people... i hate the world and i hate fucking guns  fuck this world.
the last time i went to the mall was on black friday of last year
 video men and women malayalees xxx picturebangladeshi
dare i say think &amp; feel i do words to live by "keep calm &amp; live"
once i give bih to my son, lose weight, sta getting an ass and probably acting like a hoe then i would get some respect from a man
new clothes/accessories
"ebonics": pa of huge con-job blacks &amp; liberals have been running on america for decades. is actually lack of lan
round 3   fathers day
i seriously owe my neighbor a case of beer or a keg! cause this man is amazing. cut my grass again!
barrage of small talk about once-was bestfriend. been months since our fall out. trying to brave a neutral demeanor, but dying inside.
niggas for real trying to bag and sell lean now
  couple having sex www.drunk singapore girl get fuck
got rejected three times tonight
it's plain to see romney misses the news limelight. his rhetoric changes week to week to keep in the spotlight.
  bihday kazuki  bihdaykazuki  bihdaykazuki  bihdaykazuki  bihdaykazuki
we still blocking people cause they got the same parody as you ?
hello there sweetie!  i will be glad to see you here
i'm getting an mri of my little brain
i don't like this story about connie and hayden not returning. if it was just a rumor, someone would have said something already.
'racism w/out races': classifying humans into races the biggest mistake in history of science.  race
it's sad!! our world is turning into a political zoological disaster, will our governments truly ever learn
i have my first day of work tomorrow!!!! yay
i'm home, i have my fluffy dressing gown on and we're having spaghetti bolognese for dinner
can we do one together on never?
i wish i could be out there practicing football. i wish i had one more year left.
i love him !!!
racist old woman is america  oldwoman
a to the men!!! what's your choice?   lovingonme
school seems boring tomorrow.. coz i don't have my happy pills with me..
theoretically i know this. emotionally, i'm not so sure.
hoe already looking for another nigga to fuck
w00t! weekend in the south downs booked for july!
there's almost nothing better than a pile of dryer warm, clean clothes. especially when you're cold.
it's about time ross!! congratulations
back to work, only lost my voice once today.
yep. they want me to preserve energy so they didn't ask me to come because i'd say 'duh' w no hesitation lmao
parents of toddler who drowned in neighbor's pool charged with murder  neglect, not murder...
saving snapchats that tom sent me bc i think they're cute
thomas jefferson, we were not so vigilant
  turkey 0-1 croatia: happy volley for modric: luka modric struck an unbelievable volley to earn croatia...
the anc never prosecute that type of offences against white people. just listen to zuma and malema and you know why.
 , bet awards, bet awards 2015, puff daddy, p diddy via giphy
deep house and garage flavours on  jay jay in the hot seat    bihday dad
what about your dad's tax returns? must be difficult having a racist fraud for a parent.
last minute. summer escapade.
you got escoed out of apple bees
walking out the door knowing you're not gonna see your family again for at least a year is absolutely devastating
wish eddie could sing the right lyrics.
the happiest trails 2 u elizabeth! until we c each other again!
must can't do it i'm ha right mind
bitch i'm crying
today's modern politically correct left is repressive as hell - they are the fahest thing from "liberal" that you can get
  days porn movie pregnant girls in wheelchair having sex
i like your smile :)  bogumday
kyrie got all them handles but couldn't handle his chick kehlani..
  again irrational rage under control
tick tick tick when   sabbath
i'm walking around nyc in my dont be paranoid tee and a random stranger tells me she loves my shi!
  nohern ireland v germany: muller happy with any win over irish: "anyway, you [the media] are never r...
came home to agent hazel in my apament. thought some1 had broken in!   she called at 8:36 last night and i said no. she came anyway
  sex stories sexest nude women
we're over here making plans to go to raging waters and we don't even have friends to invite
a good old fashioned public shaming is in order.
my three favorite people in the world  fathersday2016
so he's still as foolish &amp; delusional as he was at the sta of the campaign?cant teach n old dog, new tricks.
this is where the repressive pc left went so badly wrong-they should be the ones most fighting for reform in the muslim world &amp; culture
this tweet btw
thoughts are with florida today
here we go again, yet no one is going to be held accountable.
god always comes in the clutch!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
directly applicable to trump.
  african child to every child let's keep. god first
so easy to live in bliss if we let ourselves.
never been happier to leave work
play on eve
my hea goes out to the people lives lost in florida and their loved ones
  bts day pay
grandma got me a video game pizza a peach cobbler yeah gym not happening today. lol gotta love gramms
    what you conjure up a smile today?
then it dawned on me that he's not my lil baby brother and eventually he'll be leaving for college.
  baby moose plays with a backyard sprinkler  check out my blog:
sway hbd  i want to meet you     bihdaysway
  adeolu philips mr p:
i just don't want to go back to that house that i once called s home
awful news, some people have no sense or reason. hope the course recovers and the police catch them.
university of wisconsin-madison won't cancel racially biased 'problem of whiteness' course
how you feel about your body has a huge affect on how   you are:
ex-girlfriend text fails. some of them are pretty
looking for 'the love'? i found 'for the love of paws'!
what makes you   ?  it's individual and everyone's right to pursue it, live it and love it to the fullest.
one week till i can go home again!! yay :)
there is so much hatred &amp; stupidity on the internet today, i just want to smash my computer.
all the best ummii...do your best
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
day 2 with matt hudson at encore farm about 2 sta!
ugh! this day. when are things going to feel easier?
great father's day eve today ...the gang here or in touch , village fete and bubbles , what more can you want
my dad's a straight whore
yaaaaaas this is excellent!!!
fuk my netflix doesn't work i am
deliento will be debuting our first stall! we'll be in birmingham at the bcu a &amp; design degree show!
life is better when you're laughing
carl paladino, trump ally, wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 17
trying to have a conversation with a gamer results in exposing his inner fanboy when more people agree with me.
man!! how can she just go away ?
all my friends whores
just got a new oh new phone.
im so excited to be behind the camera, directing, writing, producing again.. the quality is better than ever!
seriously the justin bieber conce is one the worst i've been to ever in my life. he's coked out of his mind &amp; cant even lip sync.
when people think africa and europe are countries
come on, come on, turn the radio on it's friday night and it won't be long gotta do my hair, put my makeup on it's friday night
vm meet up in 2 days, 20 of us and counting. we'll be spending 3 days together!!
  after sex lube porn
yesterday wade elliott, today hamish marshall. two of the nicest people in local spo announcing their depaures in successive days.
checking everything off the ny bucket list but i'm limiting myself to only posting 1-2 pics a day on insta
why is it christmas eve? why not christmas adam?
keep it coming til i don't remember at all ...
people that post the most selfies tend to be very insecure and constantly need reassurance
sad asfk and idk y
  father's day..
can't believe this is my life
no i don't, wish i did though...
i feel like some of y'all get on twitter just to be messy. dang, y'all don't have anything better to do?
if you're a defense attorney &amp; leading the prosecution's witness *try* &amp; land a punch &amp; to not your client's wallet in billable hours.
all the snowpeople in this movie are white.
if u dont like it stay yo ass home &amp; do the wrk.... mf dont even b wantin to take care of they seed jus wanna collect
trump vs clinton...smdh...america really is a nation of idiots!!!
now that i have a job despite no paychecks i have 2 pay for food now...cuz of my tips i get
aol has 42 stories in its newsfeed and not 1 is who won the stanley cup
because everyone temporary...
but he took out a massive mogage, bought expensive wallpaper &amp; he isn't renting out his rooms enough. i am done with life
 "fox fires spos repoer for derogatory comments " she's almost as bad as trump with her comments.
hold the door.....
finally student finance all in place for september!   days
yes, i invited chris to the graduation pay. look how happy he is lol
it is impossible for you to be   and laugh at the same time.
when it only took 22.10 (exact) years to find a protein shake combo that doesn't make you wanna vom.
  ex. in. cu.:
cruel world brokes a kind soul
just gonna lay in my bed and cry all day
last night's thoughts
despite giving your all, there will always be whispering in the background about what you didn't do.
when you don't wear your retainers......   so just can't do right !!
nooooo end of season 9 big bang theory
false lashes delivered now to wait for my hair extensions then a night on the town is in order! can't wait!
smh no yeezy for me
got this on
black, married and with kids owner lamar tyler.
my gorgeous stunning grandson 5 months old
exactly but people don't get it
father is always bother about our welfare
when my girl comes to visit. to bad i have to teach the 1st day she is here. roast beef will be in the crockpot waiting on her
  anal teen best mom son sex
do you want to be  ?  increase the levels of this hormone
cheer up -
expes explain the best way to deal with  friends &amp; family.
me off to my hometown.  can't wait to do everything.
cant wait
thank you for reminding.!!
why so basic
rainy season and instead of eating pakodas,i am studying for my externals
hey, i saw that you're a fitness fan, so i invite u to see my ios app, it's known as mytraining on apple
bitches sad as hell sleeping by themselves  rolling over and keep checking ig and shit !
why can't there be secular education in haredi life? it existed in 1940-50 brooklyn. why not now?
amazing show wasn't it.
finding dory
now i understand why vegans and vegetarians are such miserable souls...they don't eat bacon!
no way! yaaaaaaaaaass!!!!!!!!!!
the idiocy of feminism.  they actually think microaggressions matter.  here's the proof:
eblast-standby-8jun16 |  cruise deals-   wednesday  travel
welp, getting my blood drawn in like an hour, woo!
  father's day to all people who treasure the daddy's love
whoa, i fkg miss sheila. absolutely no news from her since tt unfounate incident in the group chat. i, her bestfriend got unfollowed
st. mark's cathedral: 'we will name racism, anti-semitism, xenophobia as sins' - komo news
i didn't win the gift card y'all
finally at the point where i have to keep my packed hospital bag in the care. just in case. t-31 days.
 charles paladino's racist comments spark calls for resignation
i still can't work my oven properly and hudson is not home to guide me...
it's crazy how much i've changed from last june to this month of june. happy 1 year anniversary to my new self :)
summer is finally here
content w/ life atm
 , saturday night live, yay, high five, cecily strong, bobby moynihan, mc donalds,
never get discouraged with temporary disappointments, life is in phases.
shops were grrr today. but it is done now i have an evening and enough to get a few drinks xxx
anton yelchin, star trek actor, dies in car accident at age 27
how "christian" of the lt. governor of texas. basically saying the victims of the orlando shooting deserved it
but why skipping colorado??
my wife just left me
i'm pretty sure political correctness has imprisoned many lives, always pretending to believe something you don't just to keep friends
[ ] thank you "laura turner" for the follow !
i'm going to eat pizza today
welcome 2017  touches new heights!
when you see him online~ t.t
relaxing in a comfy chair. little break.
it's ok me too
thank you for the love! good morning thursday.
hey, i saw that you're a fitness fan, so i invite you to see my ios app, it's known as mytraining on app store
when the most exciting season so far in the league is going to end tomorrow.
when you get great news on a sunday morning about one of your pals x.
!!! no-balls to 'own' his  ... 'coward' !!! ///
  couple having sex porntube net
save up to 30%- awaken summer at walt disney world -   wednesday  travel
 boob naked assault
everyone have a  -go-lucky-saturday
what prevents you from being a muslim ?
 black women demonic porn
slowly growing apa
saved a tule today
  after sex free porno movies latinas
i have to be up in 4 and a half hours but i don't even wanna sleep
how can someone look at workers in the eye and tell them he can't pay salaries
women used to be responsible for men's behavior.
read and understand how  berniebros chose sanders over hillary
my baby is sick  breaks my hea to him like this
so   to read about the impact of tech on real life. how it has changed us and what's to come!
i just found an old file with music... especially music from teriyaki boyz
don't be   when someone disappears from your life...it's like the trash taking itself out!
b4 sm we didnt hear this latent  every single day..
  npp should be happy we stole their manifesto ideas  nketia: if indeed there was any truth in their c...
dreamt michael fassbender picked me up in revs, we danced a waltz, fell in love, nd he scouted me 2 be his ballet paner   it's not real
trump, brexit based on misconceptions about race and nationality, says renowned philosopher | cbc radio
because i'm   dog
kevin love was ruined by his dad as a youth
when you want diary queen but remembered it got burnt down.
alot of ppl been actin funny wit me lately. money make'em act funny baby    fuck'em
staing the new job tomorrow so should be able to get a set stream schedule together in the next few days
bless these oppounities. seriously. thank you lord.
i didn't know u could get ice cream flavored chewits
today i'm grateful for life. so much pointless death happening every minute from soulless individuals who don't deserve to see tomorrow
12 months ago today we sadly lost our beautiful boy barkley. we will remember him with lots of puppy cuddles
we need to beat them in cairo. that's the only way we can reply them appropriately.  !!!
finding dory is out today and i dont think i can contain myself.
i stay on twitter most the time because i dont really talk to anyone
be there tomorrow
i think this is my last high school summative forcing on the last night... we've come a long way
i'm on the mood for cut cat pictures. happy caturday.   caturday. sometimes this beats real life.
this picture is hard to forget
came to h.dh and h.a for the first time. feeling
great to see quebec is establishing a provincial inquiry into systemic  &amp;  towards indigenous ppls
find that quiet place inside &amp; open to happy feelings
niggas will be all up in yo cousins inbox lying saying its her.
don't suffer in life seeking to be    just be
my bestfriend is back in piedmont alabama aka usa &amp; i've been good the whole time she was gone
breaking away from the same old, same old.
  bihday your majesty
this wasn't preventable. you can never control animals, you can never control stupid people to read signs
schools almost over.
in the news: from racism to resource development, here are the political stories inuit watched in 2016
image via we hea it    i cant take this
bo3 contracts and blackjack on tuesday, iw/cod 4 reveal on monday, titan fall 2 and battlefield 1, and watch dogs 2 in the fall!!
noh, kim, and kanye were at disneyland yesterday and so was i, and i didn't even know.
who is this guy...
completly silly, stupid, no words anymore!!!
what's wrong with ppl nowadays? i was conducting a sampling the other day &amp; and man said,"of course a mexican would be selling tequila"
  early father's day fathers:) your appreciated!!!
racist assholes! ban one of the sweetest and kindest breed of dogs. when will humans be blamed for pits stigma?
 girls in the world nude yong girl
2 more days!  !  john paul manlulu
  hardcore forums beach adult only
thankful for the life i live and the direction i'm going   26551
props to littles caesar's for still making their pizza look like  on tv.
happy bihday 2pac! thank you for everything    bihday2pac
it takes more than just a good looking body. youve got to have the hea and soul to go with it epictetus
5 more days until i move back home. by 6pm friday i will be back on my beach.
met fella who wants brexit, but couldn't come up with anything apa from "we're 'great' britain &amp; too many migrants"
each &amp; everyone of the england hooligans should have there passpo banned for 10 years &amp; not just to football should be to anywhere!
stamp ? 100,000
well the day is finally here, oitnb! oh wait, i'm in work for the next 4 days
i made my first purchase from istore yday and was very disappointed in the staff service... i won't be believing the hype any time soon
now playing  :  masaji watanabe - " in the garden after the rain" on     music song
3 weeks till interrailing
i just can't believe 50 ppl lost their lives just trying to have a good time at a club. prayers to the families.
sorry to say this, england should be kicked out of the euros because of the fan trouble but more impoantly before we lose to wales
dear cancer i hate you.
only 95 days, 16 hours, 34 minutes &amp; 38 seconds until magaluf
so stop trying to please everyone and focus on making yourself   let them haters hate!
im done this gurl betta get my face
no dancing with my husband tonight.  :-(
nothing like celebrating bihdays with old friends  bihday to us!
with the bih of my son i realized that fatherhood is a form of activism.    father's day
  !! free rpg day stuff has arrived! come and see us tomorrow and get some freebies!
  sex stories brother sister sex free video
are they twins?
who couldn't stand a little more  ?
i quit my dispensary job now i'm back to making regular college kid money
my first shift is a graveyard shift and i can't wait
i pray no one kill themselves but god forbid if that do who ever enteained that shit i want it on their mind its gon eat them up bruh
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  father's day dadbarkads&lt;3
i don't understand the twitter
give a   childhood to your kids! engage them in a unique and interactive learning experience at yes!...
  prepare for happy tears: 5 times tech improved people's lives: but for andrea diaz, this occasion was ...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i think we should be more afraid of most of our state politicians than illegal migrants!    but not surprising
still waiting... pa1
  but thankful no lasting injuries
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
yay in a week's time my exams will be over!! then a week later i am off to thailand, malaysia and borneo! ;d
- i learned not to mourn so not woh !!  life is too sho to waste time on trifles !!    :p :) :d
america needs to change the weapon law but instead of doing this they come with excuses and they blame others for their mess ...
this week has been amazing!  reached a couple of business goals, went camping with the fam  had an inspiring talk w/ a friend .
no new hires for police officers. what about all the students that are taking police program in school. where do they go to get jobs?
i walk though the front door... katyyy! the kids shout followed by "i have your tea in the oven..wine?" - mum
 adveisments naked fucking whores
always thank god for what  he has done,    what he's doing         what he's going to do...    sunday /happy...
schools breakfast tomorrow morning at denman public!
it appears to me that i went back four followers. :( i'll offer a bonus tweet if someone can get me back up there. i need those four!
a relieve to see, for a change, that someone has already been found, safe &amp; sound, before i had a chance to  their being lost
rest in peace!! may this terrorism in the end soon! and we all get to live a peaceful life!
today i left my taco bell to go to a different taco bell to get lettuce. i referred to this as an adventure &amp; told my friends about it
productive morning so far
the woman is a walking lie machine, says whatever it takes to get more pr for herself
enjoy yourself bron bron cause when draymond green come back you go into hiding. then blame it on refs, and your teammates.
my ex boyfriend found me and sent me a pm, showing off his six kids, then told me how wohless i was and he hope i die a virgin.
my dad got rid of cable cant watch you guys that much
you've gotta love millennials - micah tyler - youtube   weekend
kaya, but no class.
cpc/pcv module 2. passed.
i finally cut my hair as sho as i could go, like how my family has always wanted and they don't even say anything about it
yooo this bitch needs therapy, dique "i still want you" get tf outta here you still need this foot up ya ass  smdh
don't turn into the hulk every time you get  ! take the 1st step now
im actually glad my parents are back today inshaallah
and fleury seemed to know it when he lifted the cup
because they are just an average team...
yearbook signing is
resiliency for life: why are you  ?
out and about
apparently a nohern ireland fan has died during the match. hope it's not true.   xx
thoughts are with everyone in my old home town of orlando.   day....again
life inside me staing its journey of 9th month. feels so wonderful and full of love. pink skies and rains on my mind all the more.
i don't like vixx but i do love sejong and mina! also nayoung!
finally the weekend tweetheas    weekend
while everyone is staing their weekend, i'm staing my work week plus some over time.
tomorrow is show day!
this guys dating bio is "better looking in person"
just finished packing my case for france. i'll say this for nothing, i am
brethren!  so sick.... please put me in ya prayers, cus i know you'll cry when ah die.     teamshy'boi  tha michaels
guess i didn't make the cut for the dime page  so let me try out for the nickels
vacation booked
good stuff -   double-sided cardstock 12"x12"
never intended to persuade.will fight to the death for your right to be  ur conscious, dude.
couple this with age and a degenerative spinal condition, and we could be looking at the end of david wright.
i am so happy with life right now. i have an awesome family, amazing boyfriend, great friends, cute ass dog, good job etc.
to all tge dad's out there,   father's day
makes a very good point
when anxiety sneaks up on you and maybe changing your zine from 12pt font to 11pt font feels immensely more worrying than it should.
nobody is your friend unless you have a car .
making a song for my stepdad i sadly found passed away. please share in hopes to share my pain! :c &lt;3   ...
when your craving cereal and there's no milk..
the cowboys racist. i'm convince fooh. my nigga got 12 wins and y'all gon swap him for the white boy who ain't did shit.
   general knowledge quiz  set fifty three
 black women free kerala girls sex photos
everything is wrong
new whip coming sunday!!
when i stay out past 10:30, i feel like a rebel...
mommy bought me mcdonald's and my stepdad came home with taco bell
  1 more dub nation we been waiting on the splash brothers
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
nobody clicked the tag to see what was going on, it was  . lol
tickets booked.  .com
damn, was posed to b at my family reunion this weekend smh! never even been to one before smh
this is what trumps ny campaign chair had to say about the sitting president of the united states and the first la
should have recorded when bitches was running from me . but now you all tough onna gram .
 place was all sos of  this afternoon. i'm totally blessed to be in the company of such gorgeous...
ppl hate to give credit when it's due.
some people, especially from noh india, never learn.  .
i miss my girlfriend so much feeling a little depressed today. i need a friend
i have been off work for a week and ain't did shit smh
i'm trying so hard to make your handwritten indirect pretty and you tweet shit like this. shut up
being tucked up in bed has made me
rafa nadal gonna retire in next two years, his body can't cope.
  sex stories sumo wrestlers naked
i didn't pain my nails in like a month
my biggest accomplishments are my snapchat streaks
my 7 &amp; 13yr olds know to freeze where they are when emergency vehicles are near. how do adults not know this?
  pussy naked teen chixs
over privileged black child who's been brainwashed into believing a misconstrued version of america
i prefer tap the home button and then swipe more than tap the home button-wait-tap the home button to get into the home screen. oh well
this world is not such a wonderful place anymore. gun violence  no empathy and a serious disregard for human life is the norm now.
73-9 ain't mean a thing without a ring.
it is really good to be a father. atleast one person can be trained by me to be a good human being.  jai hind :)
why does life need to just give me a good kick when i'm down?
when it used to have elephants
nude sexy amature girls fucked hardly   monkey sex
mariah is so
  father's day to all fathers everywhere!
just put down a reservation for our house!
i officially purchased my ticket to see sia
going back to school for media a and animation!!!
can't wait to see you both september 9th!!!!
when your buddies ignore you
being white muslim, i get accepted by most somalis due to the muslim pa, but lately,been rejected by a lot because of the white pa
you're only one txt away!  ! :)
megaupload porn link  porn video
breaking news: legendary music producer, ojb jezreel said to have given up the ghost   how i wish this isn't true.
it is very sad for the ppl of venezuela
it's 2016 and i can't leave snarky google reviews for famous renaissance paintings. wow.
happy bihday senior basti
these photos of the refugee crisis just won a pulitzer prize  we live in a weird world...
v convinced i'm gunna find my husband at dunkin bc that's the only place men hit on me   :/
and they wonder why we have low voter turnout. people know our 'democracy' is just an illusion.
so many songs, so many aists, so many bands and people just listen to the same songs on the radio everyday
this is happening with a lot of people. i think it's something by yt, not censorship.
the nba these days has to be the most fixed spo i've ever watched.. why can't they let pure athletics and talent decide games anymore.
"turn the other cheek" aka "religious freedom" could've meant responders choose not to respond.  is that right?
blessings all the way!
chill wey it's just a side plate
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
 . another aspiring singer's life taken by a shooter!  so many lives gone that its not breaking news anymore.
see you in augst dj t vengossie
learn to shut your trap so i don't get to laugh when you sta crying again...as always  sunday
my electric forest vacation stas next monday ! im tryna work everyday till then
a load of spam phishing emails from  this morning :(
boom! packed and ready. now i'm gonna try to sleep.
word. concrete action. now.
  friday everyone :)
the greatest gift i ever had came from god i call him dad!
registered for fall classes! hopefully graphic and web goes as well as admin profesh and i make the dean's list each semester!
in pub for the football &amp; my hubby is stressing already
  nigel farage: 'this is not a happy europe': ukip leader nigel farage has suggested that peace in europ...
our fathers are so wonderful and are doing well. so on dis day as we celebrate them,we pray that god be with them.  fathers day.
gonna be doing new content soon
my most successful tweet wasn't even a good joke...
kylo, don't let him get to you. come back.
you deserve it!!! thank you for everything you do and just being you!  now gotta keep voting for voty
there's nothing i love more then a free chic meal
i got a shoutout on instagram !!!     !!!
i wanted to be calm &amp; relaxed for my immunologist apt in a few days. now i get to live with more guilt over something that others did.
my little sister graduates today, and i couldn't be anymore proud
wanna go back and try my new set of watercolour!
and it was my eldest son's bihday on monday! everyone wish him a happy belated bihday!!!
entire family coming for the weekend and vacation stas sunday!
you dont look at me here!
people move to another state and expect to get different results.
feeling overwhelmed by all the tragic events in the last week!
but he took the high-road dave
do you want to be right or do you want to be happy? happy. h a p p y
donald trump (or someone in his camp) is clearly creating dummy twitter accounts to sing his praises since he doesn't have suppoers
went you have an bad day of school you feel so sad and sad    but no one don't care about you
y'all,  is global. we just may have to lose before folks understand.
"excess, excess, excess, distress, distress, distress..."
 porn video smoking porn fetish
'orange' is going to be an anime and will be aired in july!
always nice when you finish work &amp; you get thanked for all the hard work you've put in so far. feeling goooooooooood
the app storehouse will be shutting down on july 15...
  bihday sexy girl nepa girls nude
now playing  :  kevin kern - " pastel reflections" on     music song
be  ! dont just wear your making-the-best-of-it mask. my book shares the path. pre-orders avail!
i got bitches that can't stand me over a nigga ion even gaf about anymore
dull british .
everyone's left/leaving ill be in the house on my own   times
niggas don't even be spitting game at these girls anymore  they just be handing out bottles to them till they give it up lol
why did i go on fb? ppl apparently think their right to own an assault rifle only ment to kill trumps ppl's right to live &amp; love..
you almost sound pleased it's happened so you can point the finger of blame somewhere that suits you !
my honey i'm here on site my nickname is "sexy404"   ==&gt;
  i'm going to the beach on july 20th so, i wish i could go right now!
been telling niggas stop eating that swine
trading rental can for a starship. last minute bits collected for halo's first clients on monday!
i just relived the toilet scene in trainspotting. if you know you, you know.    sunday
i honestly never - never, never, never felt this   in my life. thanks a million!!!
i'm staing my natural journey today  i'm getting really great news
i finally got my book in the mail today!!
what over-rode journalists' integrity was greed and ambition, along with a total absence of courage.
feels good staing to pack away my life in birmingham....ready for the big move and big changes
i guess the doggy filter is enough for me since my parents won't get me a dog lol.
adam levine to pay for christina grimmies funeral -
think about. in this country where hindus are at least 90%.  if figure is wise versa then
see you this christmas hahahhaha
hey, i saw that you're a health lover, so i ask u to test my free app, it's known as "mytraining" on app store
thanks! the restaurant looks amazing too! love the new look
finally got my nando's tho  so good
i know i am supposed to be happy and chirpy... but i feel horrible. i cant provide for myself, let alone my wife to be.... *sigh*
i have this and i've never worn it. smh
very sad news to hear your favorite beverly cleary 100 saoirse ronan leads the way was she who is an expression washes over your face!
gonna be home soon but until then this will have to do
so each year i work on a children's summer camp and i've just found out i'm the group leader for the youngest girls   gunna be so fun
wouldn't this be in queue in high cou as other cases , how come a film can be supreme priority for cou,
ahhh! i've been waiting for this since forever!
to save yourself you must break down other people in the process
have a nice day!
no immigration for 50 years? white nationalist leader unloads 5 of his most horrifying hopes for america
will go to college tomorrow after so many days
and this kind of madness is happening almost every day across the globe. we just don't have all the infos all the time.
  hardcore sets free video of black virgin girl only
washington post editorial: calling racism by its name - salt lake tribune
to say the broadway boot camp students were stoked to meet kristin chenoweth is an understatement.
  bihday sister
liberals are the most intolerant. they accuse conservatives of hate but they are full of hate and intolerance.  !
this.legitimately made.me  ...
i need to step away from twitter...
when u can't afford to go to toulouse
baptize my great nephew max tomorrow.
9 moods to aim for when   just wont cut it
cavs in deep, deep, deep trouble. sorry cleveland
i hope he addresses and attempts to contain the nutty conspiracies  that have been gaslighting some suppoers
  bc my ft calls are getting ignored
it's friday! great week ending off with a great day and a visit to the cove
feeling very pleased with myself. moved into lane 2 at masterswim tonight. definitely feeling stronger
failing 99% of the time makes you regret doing a phd but the 1% of the time you get a breakthrough makes it 99x more satisfying
most remarkable creatures in the ocean! so fascinating we want to see their amazing beauty &amp;size up close but
in other news: dave matthews band is at jiffy lube live and i'm in the middle of nowhere.
facebook is predicting the end of the written word   "stats showed the written word becoming all but obsolete"
some dudes try so hard to give another girl attention, while you have a girl. get out of my messages and show your girl some attention!
being happy is a daily choice.
obviously some people on twitter quick to pick out a mistake! have you nothing better to do with your time
good morning london. off to regent, bond &amp; oxford today :):):)
true.obama's had no answer to fight radical islam instead he still defends them while bashing trump.
i wish i had a picture taken with my father when i was a child ha
la in aug, tennessee in sep., vegas in oct, nov = bday month, tbd.. dominican republic for xmas
smoke out the old year and new year at the same time! marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
sadly, world events is leading us to head in this direction.   smaen up world.
  father's day to the biggest influence as well as the biggest nerd, love you so much and am so thankful
i will never use music streaming for i don't want any "you also might like this" crap and can't stand "remastered" aka corrupted music
i just saw a horrible example of a so-called million $$ woman...makeup &amp; heels &amp; weave don't cover up an ugly personality!
no brainer if gordie howe had half a billion to donate to it
president jimmy caer leaving his religion due to
but i look nice in the middle
only a few more days until the uk has its own checkpoint charlie...
i know potential when i see it. so far i've only seen it in about 3 people.
christmas eve? what about christmas adam? this is  towards men  down with feminism
thats it pigskin pete
switched my pc setup to the other side of the room, other side is too hot in the summer. was so happy to wake up to this!
when people complain about having no money but also complaining about their jobs
that means the beginning for ten more kenyan orphans!! well done andy.
coldplay tomorrow!!!!
  news today - billy bob was an iconic character in a classic movie...
  pussy being a male porn star
update: my free app will be live within 7 days.
my stomach is going ggrrrrr because i  havent eaten breakfast!   tengo ambre!
beliveaueric found the perfect picnic blanket!!! ahhhhh!!! can't wait to use it!
cannot contain my own face. i am so      time to buy 2 tiny pairs of cowboy boots for the
it's such a crazy thought to think that some girls will betray their best friends over a guy that hasn't had their back through shit ...
iiiiiiits show day   -k
no crackdown 3 till next year!!! why?????
  pussy flavor fla porn
grrrr! what do you think you look like when you get super  ? what makes you angry? what helps you calm down?...
getting crazy at the costco in calgary...eating poutine! absolutely nothing like bonding with family.   day 2.
best to avoid google- they spy 4 gov't and are very hard to get rid of...
some come coaches have turned satellite camps into a media spectacle and lost sight of the athlete.  &amp;selfish these kids deserve better
guess where i was this morning...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
in honor of meg finally leaving for camp for a month! bye!
fuck dude. with the new shift change at work and a busy week ive barely read 20 pages of anything in the past week
those blackmon and cargo plays from last night
the cincinnati gardens torn down? it is where my hubby and i met. so many great memories.
happy bihday aly. you are amazing and i am proud of you.  love daddy   via
gaz says if i pass my driving test i can get a custom controller for xbox......that makes me want to do it now!
politics is great in theory but politicians are all self obsessed point scoring children &amp; idiots take their word as gospel = dangerous
already running the streets
seriously glad i don't live in minnesota and my summer vacation involves coming to an indoor water park and smoke filled casino.
  father's day !
our restaurant in historic downtown myle beach is great for anniversaries!
getting all of my stuff turned in for school in the fall!
loving this conference call that i am on with one of my teammates.big things are happening within our team!
  wala weekend tweeples....
my 2 fave vegetables.
you were so good im in love
hahahaha in your size???
yeah so now my grandma decides she wants to go visit noelia in spain on the 27th...our surprise is now officially non-existent!
have a great evening!
  happy owner of fitbit charge hr: it has been like more than 10 days using my charge hr no problems so ...
i'm never good enough for anything
mass shootings and gun ownership   cancer and smoking   diabetes/obesity and the food industry  capitalism always beats logic methinks.
   what a waste
this is awesome!
all i know is, i'm going to get wasted af tonight
&amp; all these la shoys out here fucking for a bill  !
whoever said long distance/military relationships don't work.. you never really tried.
it rains here a lot, but there's never any thunder, and it's one of the things i miss most from the mn. it just staed thundering.
we watch little tv. horrible that my daughter and i are watching  because of hate, terror and intolerance.
when did we need to sta carrying arms to protect ourselves from our fellow americans?
oh! pole sana...did you forget the boers?
y'all i can't wait to go to college next year
dress for the races has come and fits fab
the memorial for mohammed ali is turning into a hillary clinton rally.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
they never get their own under contrl/ don't belong here, nd 2 b in their own territory where their way o life is ok
  couple having sex bravo hairy
hey, i saw that you're a fitness lover, so i invite u to check my free app, it's known as "mytraining" on apple
let us know what you think!
smile at someone. do a random act of kindness. buy a coffee. hold a door. doesn't take much.
now i fear for my fave aists. hoping they'd be safe everytime, everywhere.
  bihdayjodistamaria go and fly high you kind and beautifull lady  may bless you more
les parents also apparently already bought a new car. which  we have no clue what it is. which is also not meant for us kids.
i also want to "run around the world" msanzi rich is usa middle class
im so happy right now
  hardcore sets naked porn hd
one of my favorite episodes so far! spoke to my &lt;3 determined to heal it and share the journey!
just purchased some essential oils
this is what you get when you request to not communalise! so much anger
hm team celebrating the queen at 90   bihday your majesty!
  jayson weh is happy to talk about another person's age after coming through again: jayson weh gets...
bored enyone want to cheer me up
  day for u. c, best of luck santa ono, you will be missed!!
he be on snap lol
made me laugh too
when bron was in south beach all you miami fans loved him and his crying but since he left y'all y'all wanna bash him smmfh
it's one of those days again.. monday..missing mom a lot..ramadan..can't have coffee.. missing tammy heaps..can't see her face live.
www sexgirl com hk   hardcore eye opener
wait... that's really a priority of yours?
me rn cause school is over soon
going with my dad for his first tattoo!!
a gift from my kids  father's day
i've noticed a lot of this the past few days, must be an organised thing.
ma fb account is hacked
  are those who take life day by day, complain very little, and are thankful for the little things in life ...
islam against racism
i told my parents that i didn't want to go to college right away and how i don't want to be a baker anymore and they took it well
  hardcore anthems g-string arab
  stop using ear piece while walking on road.
over 12mill arrests/60mill police-civilian encounters per yr in us.shootings,accidents,"abuse" extremely rare-thous
for 50 years the only thing cleveland had was a purpose, now it doesn't even have that.
as forecasted, the beautiful waves of raalhugandu has disappeared due to construction of the bridge.&amp; theres no hope of it coming back.
for the first time ever, i was nervous about watching a movie in the city. in a large place like that anything could happen nowadays.
trumps associates are a classy bunch.
now playing  :  various - " 07 reverie" on     music song
yey!...darating si bro from u.s!
vido nude   hardcore tracks
i'm nervous but hopefully i'm going
hip; hip; hooray! -   double-sided cardstock 12"x12"
and miss mckechnie is in the building!!!!!!
still experiencing post even depression..
no, jissus man, why do pple wait for the festive period to upset others. rightfully, we all should be outrage whene
don't bogard that joint, my friend. marijuana unleashed now at ibooks.
just realized i get to come home again for another week in august
libtard- "i can't believe she hate muslims and suppo trump. how can a black woman do that?" me  "because i'm not your damn slave!"
   general knowledge quiz  set sixty eight
we have big news coming! stay tuned everyone!!  !
a couple bitches went left i don't need'em   father's day
i think i am the only one in greece that will get tax return...!!!instead of paying!!!!more drinking money out of the blue..!!!! !!!
hotel soon !
werewolf sex scene   dragon porn
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
family on day 3 of vacation from nebraska. 2 yr old boy dragged in after standing in ankle deep water.
great morning, good day, great night.
are we having our faces on them ??? please please can i be one   !!  cluedo
  hardcore raves srilanka sex porn images
i have been eating mostly vegan, raw amazing food and the unthinkable finally happened. i got tired of avocado.
how did women fair in 2016?
just pre-ordered this. it sounds a really great book
thank you so much for getting us to 22,000 likes
  couple having sex futrama sex
nephew "why your hair look messed up?!" aww lol.
come and work for this lovely pub! :-)
its somewhat frighteningly *positive* direction that at least now a mass shooting at a gay nightclub yields gop prayer statements
going to the lake tomorrow
and now i'm living my life
see, the way my self esteem is set up even though i'll be the fat one at the beach today, i still feel really sorry for her...
amateur spanking vids  against women in the workplace
got hired at my first job
roomie has hit the lowest of the low with terrible communication. didn't tell me the landlord was coming round. waited forever.
let me just tell ya. following boogie on twitter was the best decision i've ever made!
kkd city highst days run ssr (192chandragupta) for heros    bih day to nandamuri balakrishna
new day, new chapter.
saw this from the aeroplane tonight. looks a lot like a stadium to me.
and once again mass shooting in the usa .. can't wait for all the right to bare arms advocates to come forward
stupid phone so i spend two wks writin my first song doin the music  was just lookin for rite person to sing it an phones lost it all
  tampa trump suppoers sing 'happy bihday' to presumptive nominee: republican presidential candidate...
is there a way i can go back to my former life/i miss joy/laughter/love/security/panership and goofiness
god i love getting sweet texts from bae
sore feet....... but loving life  jack
gonna embrace every moment of this trip
rest in peace great keshi
called it. more and more content "available on youtube red". soon reg youtube will only be ads and teasers to get you to pay for red
thank you sara for the unforgettable response to  and appalling comments by the heabroken "doctor"
i was in deep sorrow. he saved me from drowning
aww   bday maj
joyful - grateful - peaceful
only the good stuff: multivitamins for your weekend [06.11.16]
first day of my summer nursing placements tomorrow!   :))))
lammy left and we didn't even say bye
first ever day/night test match in india to be played at eden gardens kolkata ... india vs new zealand!
lame duck and lame dick
best of luck dear for your film
going to tennessee with my family!!!!
all-inclusive holidays are fab and we've had a lovely time, but i can't wait for decent wine and telly - i'm such a pathetic homebody
wondering why they added me.
  after sex nude girls pics from bakersfield
why so   : d
b3 bday today   bihday
go on, give it a go... well woh it!!   wildlife
people use tragedy like this to fuel their hate agenda towards entire groups of people and that's the opposite of helpful
thinks it's   how many of the orlando victims were young people :(
you gonna keep smiling like dah and everybody is gonna keep wondering what you did last night!!!
i'm seeing good reviews and feedback at my timeline from people na nakapanood na ng conjuring 2 today. wannnn watchhhh pero wala upod
2 chocolate puds in fridge for the son's pay. off to paris via eurostar tomorrow
this is deep.
brought 1l of bacardi limon to this pay and i'm almost out
my little cousin that is a 1st grader has more game than you !!
  after sex cute girl with huge dildo
  couple having sex cute busty amateur
going through a major transition in my life. this seems so on point for me. happy sunday all x
last summer all my friends went on holiday and i was stuck at home broken. this year i'm going back to disney
are you   with how your life is going?  do you wish you had more income?  i did! i wanted
get off late, wake up early. i'm going to be delirious!
i don't understand why some people can be so stupid!! if you ask me that's illness...that people should be in prison!!!
wishing all fantastic night as you prepare 4 another day,thanks to sir jah for the big day we had 2day.  fathers day
lots of dc tv news this week! superman, citizen steel, wild dog, and now we get vigilante. keep the news coming!
this breaks my hea for vicky! hu &amp; lied to again! sick of it, if he lied there just r no word's at all
my king k
carnival cruise deals | exclusive carnival deals &amp; cheap last minute discounts on carnival cruises-   travels
when a person is losing the best thing that ever happened to them and they don't even realize it
been to fl many times and i stay away from water; even puddles have gators. i still hope they find him alive.
how can sainsburys have no red stripe??
omg almost all the org kampung wants to attend my workshop... :d
love u dad.....thanks for all the sacrifices u dd fr me and family.....u r d best  father's day
so green is suspended bc lebron decided to walk over him as he was getting up an so happen to get hit in his shit? then wanna complain?
applying for a second job at a bank, volunteering at the sunflower a festival, signed up for gold's gym, got two free yoga classes
the censorship is real people!! &amp; it's out of control!!!
just got balloons from twitter, thankyou! and surprise chocolatters from the old lady with the same bihday as me! sweet
6.19.2016   father's day
i hate my life
  be green! work happy!: wear blue! be green! work happy! 1-800-got-junk? is looking for a diversion ass...
love life and it will love you back
we are sleeping, everybody's sleeping... they are killing!!!
what if michelle obama had done this?
just remember hating bitches ain't happy &amp; happy bitches ain't hating   &amp;blessed
doing that thing where you find an old, forgotten playlist &amp; as each new track plays, you congratulate yourself on your own great taste.
full moon tonight
when the feds find all your loli hentai and furry yiff movies
why does my life have to suck!!! why can't i ever be happy!  /mad
no offense to anybody but of course some of the white ppl i work with doesn't see the impoance of ali outside of the boxing ring.
black and white
  kroos happy to play role of provider for germany: never one to dwell on his own performance, man of th...
it's been a beautiful night sharing my a at the aist in the 6 event in toronto
well sleeping makes me happy so...i can consider this soed then.
worlds age old, colourful cultures ...r being replaced by d " drab, culture less colourless newage islam". ..
jo cox,an advocate for the syrian refugees   news
i wanna go out to buffalo wild wings one night  ain been on a date since december .   lol
why is twitter giving me ads like this?
difference between cavs and gsw ryt now is their hea to win
i sang today everyone loved it except my grandmother
imm sow sad because my cellphone is lowbat :(
  to share my new song with you.  soon will be available on all the digital music stores and streaming services
my tweet of the day!!
there is a future nina and right now you are pretty much throwing yours away.
the absolute worst thing is seeing a really cute guy on instagram and knowing he'll never know how funny and awesome you are...
do you want to be  ?  increase the levels of this hormone
  ellie's beauty box:
no worries... the taxpayers have this covered
sign that i checked a bag at iah. every. single. time.
that moment when you're excited to see the photo uploaded and yet you're not in there.
new hoover &amp; i can't wait to use it  normal right ? when ur in ur 30s
if you're a black woman dating a racist white man it isn't your job to teach him how to not be racist and it won't work either.
awesom beautiful wonderful
hanging at daddy's new school. masons cove elementary.
our next show is monday at the fiddler's elbow in camden. it's looking like it's going to be a huge night!
great. and in addition to all other reasons he shouldn't be potus he can't spell.
victory nascar race 1 brands hatch
 white girl has sex with black guy nude newzeeland porns
when the people you love the most have to let go off you
comes to something when you post u hope your friends are safe out there (euros) more than you do do for those fighting in the forces.
opening to unconditional love lets you connect to being
 porn videos iran fucking girles
perfume lockets, open it up spray your favourite perfume on the pad provided then close
 black girl porn teen virgin sex pictures
there goes my hopes for a storm this evening. ugh.
polling shows straight divide. poorly educated trump voters want to leave eu, but have no clue why.
  hardcore sets asain phone sex
u gotta expect disloyal shit no matter how loyal you are
4.5 hours to showtime.
this is really disheaening ... no humanity    god bless this baby
you know im in your corner
of course. but that's...america.  .
no.     only buraa dhin
 a must watch video circulating in social media. mention corruption and the name nigeria becomes a case study.
when benji doesn't want to take a selfie   face
we always find our way back
never eating bacon again bye
subject breaking star trek actor anton yelchin dies in car crash at age 27:
dz june alone sef ehn..so many peepz v checked out already
 white girl has sex with black guy sexest women nude
cool yaar.
   my pussy is all wet -
$82.99-acer iconia tab 8 16gb android tablet (manufacturer refurbished)    wednesday
are you ever unhappy with your job? here are 15 things you can do to stay happy at work.   -at-work
some people have a problem admitting they're mistaken simply because someone younger than them pointed out the matter.
officially old now i've staed paying my student loan back
  bihday sexy girl wetpanty
 tuesday to you too! :)
  nude female movies rachel bilson nude fake
check
shop link:    street a mouse / hamster (baseball edit)
new destination soon.
don't be the next scarecrow waiting for a brain, brain health stas deteriorating as young as 30.     brains
sunday funday meal: sushi and pho. then back to the goal grind. i don't feel guilty about this weekend. i toure my body.
do what makes you  !
can't believe it's only 13 days til glasto    need to sta preparing
  bihday donald trump from all hindus... all the best for elections.
following some new twits. this should be fun. yea mommie up and feeling well.    father's day.
weekend in chi!!
even if i try, i am not getting what i want.
why do people have kids if they aren't going to love or be with them day by day?
first day of class
real girls posting nude pics of themselves   hardcore music
  please be kind and like our page on  . thank you, celebrains
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
fear is the root of racism. mostly fear of your ego having to acknowledge another human being is no worse or better
i guess they'll go back to just yelling  again.
  couple having sex bigboobsbeachgirls
on another note, me and damu are gonna go to a conce tomorrow night lol   i love conces
stop ating my fathers son
i don't think this kid knows how switches work. -.-
damn orlando
this month i feel really really good...
let the scum-baggery begin.....
then they spoiled me with gifts while enjoying my breakfast...  fathers day
gonna have to sta packing up in a couple months
so... now that it can't be denied it has islamist ties, we must lump christianity in there too...?
it's pretty sad when a group of people get killed and there are people who feel no sympathy for them because they're gay?
looking at a townhome monday
ready to go home,..
for all dads,and those whoe will become dads     father's day
  please be kind and like our page on  . thank you, celebrains
u didnt invite us either
  fathers day :)    papa
coast to coast am really sounds like alex jones more and more...
sharing my love with others is the most addicting thing in my world. but they take my love for granted.
 porn videos sexy latinas vids
y6 llangrannog residential - arrive at school at usual time, put all luggage in the school hall. bus will leave approx. 10 am  !
 sex videos fucking cross
no power means no netflix
i dare to speak for the rest of canada, b/c no one else dares, b/c of this massive racist bullying anyone gets for
a classic trump follower.
y'all hate this dude so much that you to blind to see that you're witnessing greatness
now playing  :  philip wesley - " the unknown" on     music song
give a man health and a course to steer, and he'll never stop to trouble about whether he's   or not.  - george bernard shaw
seriously cannot wait...!!    xxx
full figured mom nude mirror photo   girls naked
my bbe boy i hate waithing too, when i'll meet you ):
bitches be dying for attention smh
tomorrow is going to be the last day of school
24 days left till i leave for the uk
we sure are
hello, i noticed that u are a health fan, so i ask u to check my free app, it's called mytraining on apple
crazy day with internet connection problems....
can't stop the feeling.
my hea breaks for these parents at disney reso but when sign says no swimming that includes wading.
  father's day somebody
she gives me a reason. it's by god grace i love you god   fathers day to our three loving
now playing  :  philip wesley - " leaving the darkness behind" on     music song
this is very sad
what will it take for these parents to understand what they are doing?  their child dying in their arms?
can't wait to attend
wednesday, june 15, 2016
today has been a great day!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
this is a must win series for the tigers and ausmus decides to play the worst lineup possible
enough is enough.
great effo 2nite cavs.
 fucking nude nerd girls naked
it's bad enough not being able to see braydon for weeks at a time, but staing tomorrow i can't even communicate with him for 3 days.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i have all the respect in the world for people that think things through.but, if your going to wait for that person just to argue
what a gift to music and enteainment that this wonderful person is!
yeah u need to carry a gun if in orlando. its not safe in the inner city...
$21.99-mmk by dasein round collection sunglasses    wednesday
i can't understand them for the life of me especially considering what's been happening the last several years.
this is insane if that many russian athletes were using meldonium. 6 months seems right to me. career over.
13:55 'moshpit physics'. york physics day doesn't sound like your average cpd    just over a week until the cern gang are reunited!
also!!!! loooook how beautiful and amazing this is!! i finished the flower pa today!!! yeey
euros kicks off tonight
that's exactly how it is.
just placed our final order, designs agreed and prints are about to sta!
i wish i was just as good as my fellow photographers but i don't have that talent or equipment on my computer
no no can't wait na release now
highlight of the day was my boss yelling "shame on you" to a client cos the client told her 8yr old girl to steal 1 of our umbrellas.
i swear some people are professional haters
just got through graduation last night... off to work and endless hours of free-time a studies!
, no? or perhaps paladino is feeling some "economic anxiety"
  couple having sex naked arabian
i feel like this right now
going to sleep
labour mp jo cox dies after being shot and stabbed    !
  youth day...we out here with my 9girls leadership academy girls at lufhereng primary school to wash all the schools windows...
barely home, work in 4 hours  $unday
last ncis of this series coming up
i can't believe that my antidepressants are working. i didn't know if they were going to work or not.
how time flies, it's 2years today and still counting...
they finally let me out the closet
i live in a beautiful flat with my best friend, i have a rewarding job and i have an incredible man that loves me that i love back.
be hpy n healthy
i'm taking this advice!  !
while we're still trying to get over the shock of keshi's death, shuaibu amodu follows on.
this is the 3rd time i've watched the whole vampire diaries series over again
omg, she'll have to play 3 matches tomorrow. or just 1
  father's day to all fathers in the world
the things some people do just for likes followers or 's show how dead they're lives are off the internet
hatred towards other human beings, for choices in their lives that do not impact your life at all. whatever the excuse, it's hate.
now playing  :  kevin kern - " a gentle whisper" on     music song
wow sept 1 me
the blackberry brand keeps dropping "value wise" every given day, no more facebook, no more paypal now twitter trends are gone.  .
do you knowwwwww how long it took me to remember this damn password
three days to go! we're super  !
sometimes the best moments of the day are surprises.  i just got an email from long lost friend who i thought forgot me.
i know love prayers to the family
congratulations humans! you are slowly, but surely finding a way to eliminate our species. suicide bombers, riots, mass shootings, etc.
10 ways to be  .
  bihday to me .
people still won't give lebron any credit
  friday! well just say +1 to the picture below :-)
  father's to all....
missy elliot for marc jacobs is supa dupa fly and i'm   ab it
happy gloday emani
shoe shine booths are in trend for retail events but they're not being used effectively, this one was quiet.
finally watching pride and prejudice &amp; zombies.
lornell gone ft me with my shi on that's been missing
so many beautiful strikes on goal and nothing came out of them to show for it .
after skype and nokia, microsoft has decided to screw-up (acquire) linkedin
excited to be there
remember last year net neutrality said they would begin enforcing speech control in june. right on schedule.
wait.. there's avatar2? can't wait to watch it!
funniest gamers rage caught on camera || funny compi
off to the science centre glasgow with the local school.     will answer texts,
why does the government allow  behaviour?
  sunday to you out there
that's great to hear   let us know if you have any questions or need anything at all!
siri reveals what apple will announce at wwdc, in a way - cnet
i found out via searching the condition of a local child shot in the head while going to the corner store.
when sum body come up to all hype u have a whole covo with them but forget they name  rd girl ....
no comment but low key
now you see me 2 comes out this friday!!! gotta go see it!
a weekend filled with friends, fun and lots of laughter. what could be better?
rest in peace, stephen keshi.
"sometimes you have to cry in order to smile in the end." i'm definitely smiling.
  phil kessel is so happy he won the stanley cup, and you should be, too: with that full beard, he looke...
our cars broke smh
 is still rooted in our society's attitude towards black women's hair. read more from candide uyanze:
pugs probably hate me....
  fathers day to all fathers out present and not present you are still a father have a blessed day ahead
  hardcore playlist mother sex movie
don't forget the women who are misogynists!
monitor has arrived :3
i accept u r not in my life
because they r little babies running home to mommy. fascist little babies.
love my boys    fathersday mom
the tale of ladies of marriageable age looking for husbands is at an all time high.the economy is not helping us to help them
&amp; i text the majority of 3 ppl in my contacts.
sure is the picture of this election
this is so sad..for a young person period to not comprehend the racism that donald trump represents is terrible.
fans didn't follow me back
lik if u cri everi tim
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i don't appreciate being "randomly" selected by tsa at the airpo this morning. surly is because i was profiled.
looks like sir bob geldof has joined the rich 1% and now sneers at the plebs.
best go see that old hard bastard today ! maybe fight him    daddy day
disney gator attack: 2-year-old boy found dead
i can feel ett i can watch infinite later !!! i can feel ett
thankful for the life i live and the direction i'm going   49287
got all my tickets, i'm going to see main garrix as well as other aist at balaton sound in july.
tonight's moon observation.  tonight i become a member of the astronomy club.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
friends on netflix!!
now playing  :  naoyuki onda - " temple in the twilight" on     music song
this kind of bonhomie is so foreign to today's political climate as to seem in need of translation.
what if flies are just trying to whisper "i love you" in our ears and we're just swatting them away
new classmate :) new rooom &lt;3 new teacher :*
oscar must pay 4 wat he did
 video men and women malay hot super sexy girls
welcome new world!!!
reasons why i love my new job: i get to dress up every day!
i need to look homeless for this routine tomorrow, so i'm going to the thrift store .
wew i only know they are diff couples when i look at the guys.
epic fail 360
713. graduation in a nutshell    linderp
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
ugh! i cant believe tomorrow's the second day of school i wiah time is slower
after tonight, no more basketball or football.
  macho father's day !!!!
it's only been a day i already miss them!!
  trump is coming for your guns !!  the liberal nominee will sta with the muslims &amp; end with the rednecks
someday mccain will have to really answer the question, "when did you completely sell out your integrity?"
do you want to be  ?  increase the levels of this hormone
[ ] thank you "parallax news" for the follow !
tyler perry says backlash over his tlc show is 'reverse racism' - new york daily news
  (standard american diet) is really sad! facing the truth is even sadder...
the world is ending soon
  sex stories girl sleeping nude
 guys want a spectacle?   -
  after sex adult traffic
bitches trying to get the attention from me that my nigga aine giving to them
i've been doing great without the social distractions tho. such false pretenses &amp; lives led here   yet, enteaining
17 years old but it feels like adele says hello
patience is key through hard times, you won't think it's possible, but someone always pops up and makes you feel loved again
in sainsbury's. bruce springsteen the river's on the instore muzac. remembering i heard him sing it live, wonderfully, 2 weeks ago
loyal girls deserve the world but yet we get nothing but being hu.
another shooting after grimmie's incident. 50 dead. orlando, what's good? mas lisud pa guro kuhag drivers license ddto kysa palit baril
be   love your beauty
aw coco came to sleep with me :')
this is society today
gay right-wingers are not acceptable!   toe the prog line. islam loves gays. christianity is the enemy.   2+2=5
have a great night!
yah - it's sunday and we're performing at 2.15pm on the huge stage in trafalgar square! come down &amp; see us
you're defending a woman against "condescension", who was in turn defending a woman that was verbally assailed in f
mpho tutu: choosing between the church and being gay -    that god called her to serve &amp; his church turne
5am yoga tomorrow by the pool at saco spo and fitness
you're the best pharrelwilliams
  w/my beloved husband ever!
  hardcore raves lindsay lohan blowjob movie
  to be in saint lucia with a purpose.
you need to really stfu and stop thinking everything i tweet is about you fr your fucking annoying
"these are times of grave danger,with dissent recast as treason,  unchained and intolerance on the march"&amp;it
so senseless!   rip
aww im a looser i keep loosing followers.
collectors corner: angry birds
red hill is going to be amazing! cannot wait!
proper missing my dog
   south sudan allowed soldiers to rape as wages : un
totally agree. too many incidents now. someone needs to do something
we are ceainly at a 1a tipping point in this country.
   that is all....
this guy is the biggest sleaze bucket i have ever seen
be humble and never think you are better than anyone else........"for dust you are:and unto dust you shall return;genesis 3:19  sunday
all this news in the world is so depressing. i'm tried of crying every day.
i'm not saying all that but okay
yayyyy!!!! bud! so exciting!
i am so incredibly   for this girl!! i love you alyssakorb so much and am so glad i got to
when you the only carry in your team :(
i wish i could get my snapchat working ffs.
seems its escaped your attention that bashing whites isn't winning you any elections - over 1200 dem seats lost 08-
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i just want to see andy ! please rain hold off so i can see him tomorrow
when will ghana stop flooding?
less than one week to rains...:) already feeling  .
do whatever makes you   and never mind what everyone else says because if you're happy people who care about you will be happy for you
deputies: gator drags child into water near disney's grand floridian
hope you and the family have a fabulous day x
sick of feeling down and stupid sorry to everyone i messed up with and sorry for being a weirdo and letting everyone down miss u all
 , excited, syfy, wynonna earp via giphy
xxxpoland   hardcore music
some ppl try to persuade themselves to believe they don't want the finer things in life
i don't even know how bad i wanna kill myself right now, lol
packed all my photo frames
every lactation consultant i've ever met has been a woman. hello? !
i despise hilary and sadly, hearing her speak now i'm telling myself "see trump, that's how a president is supposed to sound".
if only i knew how to sleep
did you smile today?
challenge is people under 45 don't vote so conservative elderly rule | most young feel that politics ignores them
finally bought the bentonite clay for my face &amp; hair
trump real estate buddy carl paladino wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 2017
lauren keeps telling me she's gonna take me on a date this weekend but she won't tell me what it is!
no alarm set. no place to be.
time to go out!
 , caoon, crying, eating, adventure time, caoon network, sandwich, sub, emotional e
  i try all day to make my s**t work and it syeel a drag
  father's day.  a man's desire for a son is usually nothing but the wish to duplicate himself in order that...
finished my second blog post
i am so n  for this game
well, it blew up 2 laps into the feature. tough weekend, but sometimes it happens...
new york 2017!!
 i'm dying to share some news on fb and got to keep your mouth shut! can't wait 'til tomorrow!!
after a mega wknd we should take a min to remember 50 innocent shot dead in orlando who wer doin the same as us, enjoyin their sat night
my roommate's phone keep ringing, and mine just ring when my arlam is on. sad.
my makeup collection keeps growing nd growing
tmtc  sabbath guys!!!
over-excited man is attacked by cat while opening  present  that cat repping trump yo!
to all fathers be pa of your offspring's development. only knew mine two years back but you are all special   father's day.
you're almost as   as you think you are.
well that hu alot.
  fathers day card hella big we going all the way up
i tell them that i'm
  bts day pay
in my feelings :(
you silly
i'm just say i have a girlfriend and see how savage some of y'all really are . . . cause in 2016 . . . y'all really don't give. . .
  bihday sexy girl anal granny movie
this doesn't feel like a finals elimination game, it more feels like the last game in february leading into the all star break...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
now playing  :  brian crain - " lantern light" on     music song
 ... such evil acts!
word. relationships now days be jus to show off for social media or to show off for a wack ass ex
face of the shooter
beautiful, incredibly powerful guidance on learning from the pain and heabreak of being human: must-watch video:
i love you for this
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
people be so backwards
when u gotta reset your alarms for 6 again to go on a run
thank you for following jophs
how you feel about your body has a huge affect on how   you are:
i can't wait until season 4 of orange is the new black comes to netflix
bathe in slam's gypsy tears
migraines are the bane of my existence   waste my whole life in bed
rest in peace ronaldo......
both my besties left me within 24 hours
i arbitrarily decided to root for peru and now i am
love this!
do you want to be  ?  increase the levels of this hormone
arrived at wembley!
noticing all this empty prime retail space below chicago's trump tower.
it's so   everywhere you look
censorship of the media.....   in other words, if you don't kiss my ass you don't get the access.
you know things get real when boss is in good mood and even chat you about who your ultimate bias group. heh.
saw my damien and dandy today and got hugs , i'm doing cawheels.
this is f**king disgusting!!!!
it is not the flesh and blood but the hea which makes us father and son love you dad
keep filling up the   side
up dharma down at sgv anniversary!!!!
  fathers day my great &amp; lovely father, late. khuda bux mengal, i miss u baba
ok, the promised rebrand is underway! i've got a new name! so has my blog! it's all happening!
so   bro .....
i'm eager to see what college has to offer for me
why follows me ppl that met justin why why why
great britain..welcome to our world!
hey carl paladino, looks like "you're fired!"
aaa today was my last exam  so   right now!
i'm the worst person
200 followers yassss xd thx guys
lol now you know how i feel :(
sds has lost it!
hey guys... it's been a while........   sunday 2 y'all  feeling blessed
getting my ipsy bag next week and i'm counting down the days!!!!
monday music: happy bihday, wrenn
good morning new york!!! beside myself with excitement! in croton on hudson. the most beautiful house, with beautiful people!
less than an hour till we find out when arsene wenger plays mourinho. and pep. and conte. and klopp.
last thing they did before i blocked and repoed them was retweet me calling them a nazi with no extra commentary.
la tahzan.. innallaha ma'ana... don't be sad, allah always with me...   monday
real problem lies within when common people stas politicizing a matter instead of talking on the issue and injustice to filmmaker.
1 week to go.
a friend i've loved twenty years proved the true, greedy/unempathic essence of himself today, which i can no longer deny or excuse.
the beach is my   place
hot fuss is having a reissue on vinyl tomorrow and i'm so excited and it'll be such an amazing bihday present to myself
yes! it's just that simple. you control you.
  birds the movie catapults you into a cinema-hall with little children to adults, all choling loudly with laughter. what fun!
wtf is with gun control focusing on ownership or sales rather than manufacture. laws and permits wont change the existence of guns
it's so hard to believe that we leave for camp on sunday! this team has truly surprised me    coach
"ima female an ion even understand females  "
 , redneck island, woohoo, pumped, redneck, woo hoo, happy redneck via giphy
new to tweet quite   fr the app :-)
if you want to be  , be.  - leo tolstoy
as you should.
other way around on loosing politically perceived propaganda matter anarchist aap is crying hoarse lost money too
happy father's day dad &amp; grandpa we love you thank you for spoiling us all the time
wanted to post this picture of me actually looking happy. my life is great &amp; i'm surrounded by great friends
excited to get some painting done in my bath &amp; vanity area.  !!!
be sure to remind yourself that you woke up today to be   and appreciative. :) it will change your whole day!
i already feel crabby this morning my ass better go back to sleep ! plus i fly outta florida tonight
attention is the new drug fr
my dad was my best friend and greatest role model. he was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, husband and friend.  father's day.miss u dad..
a real dad is someone who makes his child his best friend nd mentor the child   fathers day to all the fathers
potus lets isis run amok in other countries, possibly infiltrating ours and then blames conservatives and law abiding gun owners.
i needed money for parking but i only have my card so i looked on my car floor and came up w 3$ in change easy . i needa clean my car
got my tickets to see finding dory!!!!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
me watching conjuring 2 buddy. 1st half finished
trump and clinton are leading, its up to the americans to choose the lesser evil.. na-mds si bernie sanders..
im laughing so haaaaard
they are such a healess bunch... !
hello holiday off &amp; vacay
just   from the hill:
put on your big girl panties pandy asses
are you even safe anywhere nowadays these people just went to have a night out and they are gone just like that
joshwin is always like this!  what's wrong with that guy???
back to work tomorrow
  father's day dad. not a day goes by that your voice doesnt
a lie that u now believe and now u allowing this clown to make u look like a clown so now ya both just clowns lmao smh
my instagram basically consists of lots of dog pictures and selfies
just got break up from gf   what to do
some ppl just can't handle the truth -- or a loss!
when you find out your best friend is also running the philadelphia marathon and will be in philly in the same weekend as you!
thank you lord for this day. keep us safe.  .
damn subway just made me the wrong sandwich. probably the last time i'll drive thru
literally going to spend 3 days next week being lost and confused.
don't need that kind of negativity daw... lol but you run out of things to say
really looking forward to watching finding dory later on
a young life &amp; promising career cut way too sho   rip
scream new episode!
never realized how tall you are? nice reverse spinning back kick!
  sex blonde teen ebony orgy
wish i was fishing
now playing  :  dustin o'halloran - " opus 30" on     music song
oitnb comes out tomorrow
huh ... basterd peoples
looking forward to what this filly will do on course for us!!
this heat is really getting it me.
people need to sta working together to create better things out of love together not create division by hate
super depressed for some reason just sitting here petting kitty
8 presidents, same policy on israeli settlements but only obama is slammed as a treacherous anti-semite.
most of my friends live in bonn and we will move to windeck...now would you look at the distance
  father's day to all the single mom's playing both roles"
i can feel the fear in my bones.
 : guy just ask me for some change. after i gave him what was in my pocket he lit a cigarette as i walked off. cigs in aus nearly $1ea
absurdly obnoxious to witness such video which demeans the work of hardworking journalists
nigeria football federation technical director died at 58
  couple having sex cherry potter fucking
am back to watching ouat. it has been a while.
i love mexico.
one whiskey remains
sexy nude persians   girls naked
lucy foleys creation   bihday to the queen !!
you deserve to be  . so, whats holding you back? here are 6 things to evaluate in yourself today:
11 months already!
some of y'all niggas be looking forward to be a side piece
orlando alligator: body of boy seized by alligator found
bc is sounding like more of a sure thing :) 2 1/2 months left in edmonton!!can't wait to get back riding full time with my barn fam
beautiful event on june 25th 2016 in tilburg !
what do you say to someone who lost their mom. idk.
cutsie logic but wrong. if you know construction you can build bridges and walls! give trump a chance! hate is for
stop tweeting. you're a narcissistic piece of trash &amp; trying to use a terrible tragedy to advance your campaign
i miss planet fitness
  fathers day to my daddy in heaven and to the real one thats alwayz stood by me and my kids no matter what happy fathers day love
  so good seeing this sat there
i cried  i need someone
lefties hate uk &amp; everything about it, they prefer swarms of stinky boat people to us!
i miss my friends
going to la &amp; irvine for bihday weekend.
watching the o.j 30 for 30. all i can think about is poor nicole, poor ron.
...lets hope tomorrow is a much happier day.
the ndigbo community lost two of its illustrious sons today christian chukwu keshi and justice chukwu of federal high cou abuja.
i didn't know crowder was such an ass...
 happy friday!
when you haven't been to sushi in forever yet the girl remembers your order including drink.....   hour
my hair is so sho omfg, but all for a good cause.
in 2 weeks ill be moving in with megan in edmonton and there maybe a chance i am staying for good
like this idea!
when they the only mtf huin
great anti aging advice
i don't think ppl that have both parents know how it truly feel when another have to celebrate"fathers day"without them being here..
we all go through changes in life. if something good has gone, don't cry. thank goodness it happened!! =)
donald  - putin's butt buddy and a commie.
suppoing trump makes conservatives act like liberals.
if you're gonna steal my shit, at least have the common couesy to steal it right.
really thought mexico was gonna put more of a fight
females smile in your face but be shady asf when you leave the room
fashion is a bottomless pit of misery and suffering and bank account draining i am   and i hate clothes
recent bathroom renovation in po melbourne using our stunning verona cenere 600x600
why does this make me
thanks for tuning in wendy!
lot of empty seats there.
i award lebron james zero credit for tonight.   he had to bitch and moan to get draymond suspended who owns him.   .
what i get to look forward to when i move there next year
pakabait ka pls.  goodluck and congrats sa new project! so proud of you.
1) starbucks espresso machine broken. no basic girl life for me
coming soon to tms. . . . . 3 more cous . . . . all three should be done by next week!
  orlando pulse nightclubber eddie justice sent texts to his mother is confirmed dead --&gt;
idc anymore..
  hardcore events sex teen malaysia picture
only 4?! that's disgusting. there were dozens involved. u encourage violence when there r no consequences.
  happy bihday donald j. trump  here are some presents: our video team hit the streets to mark the re...
doing more of the things that makes me   !    getting
bestfriend goals  nationalbestfriendday  bestfriendsday
yes, you never get over the loss, you learn to live with it!  miss you pa!
  its free in sa but it's sad living here
  biryhday to me, my biggest one ever!
young people praise alcohol way too much these days.
[ ] thank you "twitfox" for the follow !
clap along if you feel like a room without a roof.
i ride my bike my father let go and i fall    father's day
i've not had a neighbour since i moved in, today is the day i get one &amp; she sounds like a million elephants going up stairs.
islam against racism - press tv
is there a length of time one typically mourns the loss of a good vibrator?  like i feel as tho someone has passed away right now...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
on the right track!
good morning! bud and breakfast? marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
mitt lost the bloody election!  u amaze me w/living in the past!  increase yr meds-ur stuck in the past!
leaving for delhi today on a weeklong visit. will be traveling to delhi, pune, goa and mumbai.
i will never understand why girls post drama and fight over twitter, you make such a big fool of yourself.
"  vellum cards 12""x12""-best day, set of 25"
muslim harassment social experiment!!!
too many voting for perceived "winner" rather than best candidate to advance policies to fix everyday lives.
i need to do mine :(((((((((((
pay porn free video  jokes about women
aunty mi is this home video abi real life
pizza and vodka
good morning poh sa lahat...    father's day to all daddy's...
even if america changed their gun law,  there are so many people w/ gun possessions  .. america is huge
salvage a giant terracotta pot from work that no one was using. looking forward to growing stuff in there soon :d   love plants!
rip coach amodu shuaibu, ex-super eagles coach, and nff technical director..just days after keshi's death.. we will miss amodu..  ..
look at the crowds faces! so agonizing every spo every season! these players still make millions it's not the same for them!   fans
fighting battles that have already been won, instead of fighting a massive uphill battle against clinton.
agree with those sentiments!
probably in an awful lot of pain. thank you for trying to help.
finally getting around to watching cowspiracy.
again,damagers/avengers bombed more pipelines, costing nigeria 0.000001%, polluting niger delta additional 5% &amp; drawing it backward 5%.
i can totally relate!
colors!  and your doodles! always make me happy..
there is big amount of generalization happening on fb due to this attack.  people don't want tolerance,  people want tonbe right!
rip to the big boss! this life is nothing, eyan k le ku at any f***ing time.
saw a dead kitten and cracked my phone within the same ten minutes
that moment when your recording goes from good to bad
 saturday enjoy your moment today be
  just heard an interview between john campbell &amp; a young girl who lives with her family of 8 in their family van
a roller-coaster and bumpy 10 years, will it survive this time?
i have been sabotaged, defamed, stalked and retaliated against on every level. entire life slandered.
i don't understand how people can hate so much that, they do what, they do. my coworker's friends were there.
that's the way to fill the emptiness and blindness in pete's life. enjoy doing the most in your leisure time. xx
  hardcore bands teenagesexvideo free download
ndokwazvinobva uku  father's day dad
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing sadness. it is par
definitely going to buy one when they become available ~ ^.^
  happy mark evanier day!: the bill finger award recipients were just announced for this year: elliott m...
  fathers day to all the dads in tue world
racism at home and anti- advice for others: we're good at both.
got to see the allison boys today.
i was so pumped cause bones will be having four conces in texas and i'll be outta texas like fuck man  i was looking forward to this
getting my hair done tomorrow
asians pussy pics   hardcore events
i dont know i do my account is hacked    ok bye
3 flops in a row for kajal
i feel lyk i hv no one to tlk to...
the reactions are the surest sign that the terrorists have won and that americans are ready to fight each other first.
my whole family is asleep and of course it's the one time that we're all in separate rooms so i can't even go turn a light on to read
just. launched. fhe youth hangout
fuck trees i climb buoys motherfucker
 , mad, syfy, furious, bar fight, wyonna earp, bobo del ray, michael eklund
now playing  :  gary girouard - " miracles" on     music song
in less than two hours, i'm going to declare two people wife and husband in a free ceremony.
this time next week, i'll be in floridaaaaaa!
i'm checking the tags on my t-shis and 85% of them are made in china, some haiti, india, nicaragua, honduras &amp; jus 2 in the u.s
found a beautiful one bedroom with a double stall garage, patio &amp; huge kitchen! signed our lease, can't wait to move in!
i need an ice bath.... i work retail
  after sex power puff girls nude
my vines get no love lately im
trump is just a weak nasty feminist cunt, no god at all    for the right wing "whites"
hill should have went with the power move and put trump on her sholist
can't wait to order, staing to plan my second cruise for next yr!
the ayesha curry twitter warriors are
  new year sex sleeping girls fucking pic
don't gain the world and lose your soul.. wisdom is better than silver and gold!!
very productive weekend wedding planning
all these years, while misplacing our priorities, others are showing  us.
seeing my bestie tomorrow!!
when your boyfriend twitches in his sleep and it wakes you up but you promised not to hit him anymore...
someone tried to hack my facebook and it sent me a email saying they blocked the attempt
nooooooooo what was i thinking meant to compare price and clearly didn't shoutout to the lucky 1 who got this
yeah yeah yeah i hear ya
am theaby wishing my dad mr peter  fathers day
  hardcore music nude asian women free
this is my dream one day  so beautiful and
unpacked. opened all the windows. sweater on.
no chill! im freakin' out!
most  country argues over different shades of black!
chris just got his receipt for work visa and travel docs!!!!!
why they dont take wickets
who's that ugly"lady"?
just finished this book and thinking how we can't forget the past.  so hard to think about wwii and germany
 sunday this made my day !!
hmmm!amodu's dead?woke up again dis mornin 2hear of diz devastating news.may god grant those he left behind d foitude 2bear dis loss.
   download daytodaygk mobile app for free
being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
black dad puts  baby mama on blast after he takes their biracial daughter to get braids
politics used to be a noble example of our libey &amp; democracy. now both paies have abandoned this for an agenda-driven power grab.
racists never ceased to rant in 2016
omg jo cox rip what is going on in the world ? nobody safe at any time the world is a complete mess.   news
the lack of systems thinking creates fragmentation which in turn creates more oppounities for ss to fall through the cracks!
i can't remember the last time i didn't check my phone before going to bed. this is v
truly tone deaf.
i know my roommates for school.
even the mere perception is bad business for  the nba brand
i've many friends .... but when i cry or get bored no one cares
this face pretty much sums up my mood over the past couple weeks.
it ain't a real pay until someone puts on a diaper and gets tied up.   gatherers y'all
  pussy asian reality sex
so nice to be here...hope am gonna have fun.....  weekend
post bihday gift :)))) happy bihday to meeeeee
chinese govs must punish cruelty! we need your voice and help !please help fight the dog &amp; cat meat trade!
as if reel are letting girls in first and there's a massive queue for guys
  canberra raiders coach ricky stua happy with progress despite brisbane broncos loss: raiders coach r...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
royalty...renames   bihday balayya
rock the stage..
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
all i wanted to be doing right now was getting drunk at nappers but im in bed
enjoy! morning everyone. another friday...so soon!
when you really love someone age,distance,height,weight are just damn numbers they matter to ones rating people for how they look   :(
yayy!! and you chef :)
people fighting "sexism" in politics are calling me pigwoman . nifty
got my masters credits
  rhett jackson was happy, and he wanted us to be happy too: if i were defining rhett jackson's mantra, ...
this is what is in your food
i need something or someone that will make a big change in my life. i'm lazy to do it by myself.
beginning of a new phase    traveling to new pune international airpo from netaji subhas chandra bose...
i cannot believe, after the great group of candidates the gop had this year, we ended up with such a scum sucking guy like trump.
donald j.trump...this is how he reacted to deadliest mass shooting in american history..
uc just called me and said they're hoping to have me and that my act score was awesome.
sometimes it only takes a blanket
at the ohodontist i've found nemo and dory
6/18/16 our single "restless" will be available! sign up at  to get it free!
what in the world is donald trump saying if you can tell me please do, he's just rumbling around and around saying absolutely nothing!
funny how some people just can't take a joke. lighten the hell up, your job isn't that impoant that you can't take a friggen joke.
cheese and crackers for dinner amp
i just bought myself beautiful tarot cards and my mom said i can't use them in her house
the latest the zurich times!
x''ddd fck i'm not even a hardcore-adventurous type of gamer but (1/2)
damn even french twitter know more about american national basketball association than moi
see yah guys tommorow;)
1 week until our trip! if you have any questions please speak to a member of the team.
soooo unsatisfied with the dinner
no shame deadass held tears in fault in our stars
just reading trumps tweets makes my hea hu, if this man becomes president many lives will become turmoil &amp; some don't even know it
i love this
bout to play  the game lol
my new spectacles  are ready for collection.
happy, happy, everyone!
  hardcore anthems naked german sluts
jim and james avolt on the right. 3 generations of jahn's on the left.   father's day. beautiful morning.
prayer changes things. remember that. good morning. y'all have a bless 1.   fathers day
massive shootings are now so normal that we have an infographic on how to survive one?
 , mad, adventure time, finn, finn the human
your life will be amazing when you realize that it is amazing right now. there is no future state which will finally make you  .
bbc 1 though.
we look forward to seeing more adventures.
yeah no.
thoughts and prayers with jo cox and her family. what on eah is going on in our country???
dad tells me his helmet fell off the bridge yesterday! thing was a beauty   30+ yrs he had it, many memories with it !!
lovely lovely day enjoying the last day of my week off!
can't wait to see what you do   5 days
my life couldn't get any better !
finish my work before deadline tonight
for when ur   but that doesn't stop the pay from poppin
i cannot do anything for my family
  bihday to you girl!!!
how she ugly and still outta your league ?
  day at broadbeach and surfers paradise night market and beach
when simply emerging from one's home is a dangerous action, there is something terribly wrong with mankind and humanity is at risk.
always remind yourself to be  . :)
opal calls her dad preacher because he spends most of his life at the church preaching and reading the word of the lord.
now playing  :  helen jane long - " fountain" on     music song
dancing with my mates is one of the best things ever!!
maybe it's not about the   ending, maybe it's about the story.
this will be dustin's bihday present,  bihday dj,
when the balkans are commenting on your propensity for self destruction...
bad news my boyfriend is confused
europe and us think about us, not much different from how we think about afghans.
a victim cant victimise the oppressor... we have no economic power so, no black people can't be racist
hey eyes speak and they speak more when she is  .
this week is going so slow!! hurry up sunday
i just feel like smiling, i'm tired of frowning all the time because of stupid people trying to ruin my life,
 intercourse video men and women japanese armpit hairly nude picture
what a   way... to an end?
hawaii is going to rock after training they are a talented,passionate group of terminix nation family!
republican trump buddy who's rabid racist can't figure out what's wrong w/saying violently hateful things.
when you want to just smack someone but you can't.
great day at the track
i'll be having a princess... :) :) :)   much
battlefield 1 looks unbelievable
salt lake tech workers experience least racism, survey says - deseret news
want a summer body so bad but food is literally always on my mind. even in health class when talking about diabetes and obesity.
i am a christian and i know there are very conservative christians and catholics that are being so hypocritical to muslims right now
this generation is more into relationship goals than life goals.
so clearly there were two sets of nba champs hats &amp; tees made... now what happens to the hats that were made for golden state? lol
hasn't even been a day and i already miss my sister  who knew she would be the one to get married and leave home first
regret having ever donated to (at)maydayus.  yeah, big money is a problem, but have you been taken over by bernie bros or something?
awake before 4am and i'm not even an employed meteorologist anymore.
another conservative banned by google. any questions?
the giver is on netflix
let's face it, i won.
setting up for the graduation tomorrow night. stas at 6pm. exeter cricket club (next to the uni)..  .
just another officer involved shooting. nothing to see, move along.   ~1000/yr in usa, under 100/yr in germany.
this week like....
do the  pappy dance
one powerful picture. it takes great humanity and kindness to save the life of someone who hates your existence
honestly, due to the laziness and inactivity of those ages 18-24. if election poles were online, bernie would've won in a landslide.
reading my manuscript and not wanting to stop.  . good evening and good night.
  father's day
good god, how small minded are some people
 would you look at me ???
got a facial peel this week to deal with my sun damage. i'm at the "cabbage patch doll with a burned face" stage. progressing to snake
  father day to all the father in the world . - stacy
amazed people still hero-worship azharuddin and take selfies with him. that too middle aged women. so no premium on character anymore.
dang... now i have to find some wifi so i can dowload it.
two days till i sta my new job!
girls who take down other girls clearly bc they're jealous are sad and pathetic. gain some confidence and move on with ya damn life
i look cute but dont have time for selfies
just 2 days to go until we present our new show
a:   b: i have so much wine. so excite anonymous
wednesday cannot come soon enough
best 10 minutes my whole week
true wife sex stories  chick gets fucked
my all time favorite candy was "starburst fruit twists" an 8 million times better version of twizzlers, discontinued over 15 years ago.
"63% of americas calories come from refined and processed foods"
   general knowledge quiz  set 149
selfie on the front lawn!
  sunday: click on the link and like the page
my rates are too high! lol
it'd be lol funny if it weren't possible.
hi!! i am nickol
we're in a fight for america. the fight of our lives. at this point i'm not sure i could depend on a never trumper to have my back.
oooh, this looks amazing.
crazy stuff what's goin on
where's your   place? this is one of the ways i like to recharge. beach, good food and snorkeling.
from racism to resource development, here are the political stories inuit watched in 2016
the dan and phil show is so loud and it hasn't even staed
yup. i concur. as do nearly 3 million voters.
she is so cute
  pussy keely hazel nude pictures
terry bradshaw &amp; george karl: at very least insensitive remarks, at most racist. re: melo and mike tomlin. trump emboldened?
getting gifts this year
  happy father's day: srk, riteish, hrithik are some of bollywood's most doting fathers: abhishek bachch...
hilarious response.
now playing  :  masaji watanabe - " erhu's dream" on     music song
4 minutes before i clock in at my job and i got nothing, never was a pressure performer.
my heas and prayers go out to all victims of orlando night club shooting. i just wish all these mass shootings just stop.  for orlando
  pussy naked models pussy
now we can't even go to public centers, without being worried about a terrorist attack..
the trumptrain will not yield to the establishment!!! ~ join
sharks crowd cheering loudly for a simple zone entry.
  warriors happy to conve new skeptics: oakland, calif. -- the golden state warriors are right back wh...
  father sings happy bihday to daughter stranded in iran: richard ratcliffe, from west hampstead, lond...
with so many delicious burger &amp; entree selections, one of the hardest things to do is select just one!  ...
  national best friend day to my best friend dee trott!
very pretty and hot, very like, thank you
i almost always trust brazilians
tinker bell naked   2b hardcore chapter 5
4 days more
people are so lazy to go to the gym or follow a healthy life style , always looking for the easy ways to weight loss.
because they are so mean to me?
yes today feel off
when you're thankful you feel  , happiness reduces stress, reduced stress leads to...
bbc news - orlando gay nightclub shooting: 50 killed, suspect is omar mateen  love is love. get over it. smh
for when ur   but that doesn't stop the pay from poppin
national bestfriend day is just another day when u have no friends
i am going to saaaaaaaaaan diego coooooomicon!!!!
make that person know how special he/she is ! wish them a   bihday with us ! &lt;--------
pa 2 of trumps tweets: after his " coulda won if i wanted 2" now using putin to project his anger cuz we hate him!
everyone's siblings graduating and going to longwood with them men awhile my brother refused ):
and a good book. feet up, cuppa, biscuits and a read.  .
always   , never sad, that's the sign, that you are mad.
no ig no twitter no fb no sc but she still pressed from a dm from 3 months ago
based on recent commercials from state farm and old navy, omarosa's choice is clearly .
word sexy radio is back on the air and i'm co-hosting once again
i miss you so much!
rsvp to hear bernie's live video address on thursday:   - i feel like a kid before christmas.
the face you have when you reading emails and looking at the news of the world!
happy euro 16 every one
i can't believe i'm picking this trip over day6 fanmeet lol i really need time to bond with my hs friends ok hahaha
hi ana i just begin to "escape" in the streets of bombay. i followed your advice of great reader, thanks!
shoes are stored. pillows and blankets out. time to fly from amsterdam to dubai and sleep for 6 hrs.
  national best friends day !!!
to all the wonderful dads out there, but especially to mine. happy father's day.
my hea breaks for those who's own family doesn't cheer them on and puts them down.
epic video: blm zombie vs. trump kids  youcanalwaystelldemocraticvoterstheyrloud&amp;neverhavecorrectfactsthisolderblackmanispitiful.
this is so fucked up &amp; so sad
going to look at the progress on my house today.
  does cheryl need a relationship to be happy?  opens up about her 'need for stead...
whatever is prayed for at the time of breaking the fast is granted and never refused.  &amp;blessedramzan.
how you feel about your body has a huge affect on how   you are:
the feeling when you know you're the reason behind someone's happiness
95 hours and we will be on the road! come on baby!
  ! shit sad
  doggies had surgery
made it home for a week. just in time for the rain
now playing  :  abandoned toys - " spiraling into the sun" on     music song
be  .  it's one way of being wise.  - colette
have a   weekend
i want,really like it &lt;3
sexy cora porn  black girl porn
damn it. seriously. f'd up.
my kids are my joy, thank the almighty everyday for them.......father's love
  7 stories that made us happy this week: you can always find something to smile about if you look in th...
she got shot after the conce? smh
early bihday celebrations next saturday! cannot wait to see close friends i haven't seen in ages
lost 4.5lbs this week and got slimmer of the week  oh yeah!!  !!
so many shit talkers/bullies in the youtube comment sections.
happy monday !!
  at happy garden cafe
indeed, i really miss u
not long now!!
this made me so
black upenn freshmen added to racist social media account with daily lynching calendar
zadiq khan should be sacked over this it's insulting to us british
i believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. | colors of soheil 2016  girl
great run in at the end
  hardcore better off alone turkish girl hot
lovable mommy  jodi   bihdayjodistamaria
let them say what they say... let the things happens...
how's everybody today?
"nothing can stop you from being the brittany you wanna be babe" guess it's safe to say i'm completely head over heels for this one..
real talk ion see how a girl can fuck a nigga who nowhere near deserved it and claim you won't fuck a nigga dat actually deserve it lol
niggas really watching trash ass wwe over a the game 7 ???? wow
just watched the first episode of time of death by showtime. don't know how i'll recover from this.
chrishon ass low key killed this shit
  20 more minutes
making new friends this year is definitely one of the best decisions i've made in my life
spos illustrated girls naked  sex videos
when people talk about group chats and ask if you read it and you're not in them
"don't worry, be  "  -bob m.
does that have any substantive argument? trumpsters have mental problems and therefore ...
 quotes about women kingfisher girls xxx
  father day you are the best protection to me, love you my dad.
there is nothing more pathetic then seeing grown ass men on tv freaking out over men wrestling in tights and holding signs they made.
thank god i'm not a sharks fan. what a poor pathetic effo by them in a must win game. 2 shots only in the entire 3rd period.
it looks brilliant!
watching the recent presentation - it occurred to me that engineers dont understand humans. apple has fallen in love with itself.
waiting for my sis &amp; nephew to get here
saw a miller lite beer...
to the guy sitting beside me: you're mansplaining your apple watch to me, while i'm wearing one.
well donald trump has officially reached the bottom! this clown is paying hood chicks for promotion
  but oh, so true.
reasons for homelessness among vets
home gym is done, can't wait to get back into my routine again!!
when you see something that surprises the fuck outta you and are still in shock
i dated a sociopath jugg
honestly these mass shootings don't even phase me anymore
i always thought women fundamental rights are not based on region,but seems like   representatives raise women issues state/region wise.
mixed race couples still face  in australia
finding dory is soo good!!!
  hardcore sets alicia tease porn
even smile is uncountable....  moments...
in 72 hours i will be sat on a plane on my way to spain
8 things   people do differently!
i have never seen anything so utterly pathetic as a sorry for herself houdini doc who's back from having her teeth cleaned at the vet
awesome morning run after a one month broken rib sabbatical. if there's no aching later its 5k tomorrow.   days
it's only a matter of time...expect more...
 white girl has sex with black guy best world sex
don't get me a happy friday all!
full week now and end is not in sight yet. this is soul destroying. just want to be better
did one of your 800 paid staff members tweet this for you? crooked kristy back at it again.
another day, another mass shooting here in america. what happened to tolerance and respect for those with other opinions and values.
can't wait to see you again!! 2days and a wake up for my hug and smile!!   father's day to me!!
nastiest porn scene ever   hardcore playlist
jo cox mp dead after shooting attack   sad news rip jo cox one of life's good ones
the thing about bagels is that they're so fucking good but if you eat 2 you already ate 1/3 of the bag
lil boys on that lil girl game,
today was a great day... first ever neckie
i think me &amp; anthony just lost out 27 day streak.....
gog pusiste closup i love
just me ad me alone nw
being a woman, ex-stanford swimmer's ex-gf, testifies in his favor, despite knowing abt d horrific crime he committed on another woman.
still relevant. still sad.
prolapsed pussy  and women
the biggest problem here is that it actually works
busty and sexy women naked   hardcore anthems
  friday all + have a very blissful tweet aum afternoon.
smh bitch gotta kid and she tweetin like she shone or sumin
black men hate on black women the most!   ... so do y'all hate y'all mommas too?
pics of marbella making me  miss it
i love youuu!!!!
  thinker's are intellectual refugees without any home or heah their thoughts seek asylum in the minds of men but rarely given a beh
education is not a demand anymora
so after my exam this morning i've had a lovely day with philip and then great night with emma and kass
after the vacation its tym fr get bck to my boaring lyf....
 girls in the world natt chanapa nu sex fuck
last day of school=first day of no traffic otw to work!   summer
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
working on a collaborative film.
keep these conversations going at school and home.  we need to create the space and time and commit to help them.
the official countdown has staed! three months until kyle and i get married!
to brighten up this dull tuesday morning we want to find out which   emoji you are! we think were the...
  2b hardcore vol 3 sexy girl as a theme for the psp
prayers to all victims and their families that were affected by the orlando shooting. violence must stop.
holy god this is  the best night ever!!!!!!!!
omg guys, my sisters wedding is in 2 weeks!!
happy euro day
  couple having sex sex with his own sister
looks like waterproofs will be a necessity on thursday for coldplay. last time we saw them was 4 yrs ago - a most fantastic gig!
kill all shopping centre music
corruption is everywhere these days!!! even in the places you least expect it ...
well deserved!! we love you lots and thank you for everything
one more sleep until a very special launch!
i just got a food for thought you have to figure out your problem and fix it yourself its about time and mind
harambe was more of a father than any of the dads out there.
orlando alligator: body of boy seized by alligator found -
i feel like summer is half way over and it's upsetting
  after sex charlies angels sexy
what i get to look forward to next year when i move there
  fathers day   :)
counting the days   too
a spring of anxiety
cold,hungry,sore eyes,banging head great fuckin combo
police in mobile shooting ppl now
ed op: not being 'a racist' isn't enough - here's why
now playing  :  sophie hutchings - " untitled" on     music song
i have 1 homegirl    i
drake has always been babe &amp; i never been to one of his conce
going to see the stone roses next week!!!
 sunday  &amp; father's day to all - take time &amp; enjoy the benefits of family &amp; fresh food from your garden.
the greatest team we ever had are leaving us one after the other
as vu fan, feel for vandenburg/family that he threw promising future away for night of deplorable behavior. feel even worse for victim!
12-4 shift today ain't that bad
beard more than the face- only for panjabies-jsb
i'm moving to toronto in a few months
 , chewing, searching
drinking warm champagne on a mountain  at 11:26 on a monday   summer
 walking through the crowd, the village is a glow...
the cheerleaders at my school, you know its going to end and your going to cry and be
wishing you love and happiness of your bihday  bihdayrg
omg! new god of war ps4 ! im feling so   .
1. black can't be racist 2. have seen how a white woman acts when she doesn't get her way? it's a perfect metaphor
might have met a nice, although similarly filthy, gentleman tonight. see where it goes
listening to return to innocence while i'm in the shower because i already miss camp that much
this world is so fucking racist  (they asked the manager at wells fargo for here social security number just because she sounds mexican)
what a digital world we live in....
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
people who can get time off work to go to the euros and haven't gone need to a have long hard look at their selfs!
a reson why so many muslims might be
im proud! hearing the feedbacks of your students saying "we improved because of you" .     feeling proud
will be a great sta to the weekend!
brother ronaldo what wrong with yu? i'm so sad fr yu and others now!
my dorm is gonna look like something like this
  father's day. daddy you will always be ma hero. return if possible(rip).we miss u.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
spoke too soon! my wallpaper is here! know what i'll be doing tonight then!  good job i bought some adhesive earlier
jwu streetdance workshop later + no classes
this ruined my day... seriously, why did i have to read this?? and it's not even 4 am yet, wish me a hapy day
remember youth creator in de days of your youth b4 days of troubles came  youth day
going to wagner middle school to to a tour!
while i am eating breakfast, i hear the sad sounds of packing. this vacation has seemed shoer than the others.
be   all that matters
so glad i put 3-1
  comics convention, avengers attraction keep fans busy, happy: web1_amazingcon_061016ev_008.jpg the mar...
just looking crazy as always   &amp;blessed
latepost, last year was my first ride with motorcycle downtown manado.
get to see ma boo tomorrow after 2 months apa
bruh people really be knowing better and still choosing not to do better lmfao
i got to pet a black lab and took a snap of it and sent it to my gf but she deleted it...
love this sign in toronto last night on our walk back from conce.   place
  days porn movie skinny amateur sex
someone on fb has an entire photoshoot with her completed thesis as her bae on dates. ahhh hopefully me in less than a year!!!
at least she being honest but that's wild ass shit
- the saddest saddest aspect of the peshawar scuffle is the lesson taught by the father to his young son!
wife beater tries to act like a badass to pander for votes.
  sunday to u all
don't work til 1pm.   woah what in the world
america first before all others we should be ashamed of our selves.
trying to kick myself in gear after the bad medical news yesterday.... could use something/someone to cheer me up... feeling
oh, well i missed this sight today!   very remiss of bessie not to wake me at dawn
vegas on sunday with my bff, her bf, and my bf
  father's day
today i accepted a  permanent position at family dental center in fayetteville. i've loved working with them for the past 4 months!
everyone hates the white crayon that looks so perfect while the others bleed and break
going to be on tv, on the 24th of this month!!! i am extremely excited and   it is going to
selfie w/ ate and dainna&lt;3   :):):):)  feeling beautiful
  we happy few launches on steam early access next month: it's been almost a year since the last time we...
lebron has 41/16/7 and people still don't give him any credit. lol.
money got homies turning into enemy's
v hard indeed to feel hopeful for our kids today
that alligator story is terrible. i remember swimming in the now long gone river country years ago &amp; alligators never crossed my mind.
pharrell williams - happy (1am)
today i sta a new adventure at wisconsin youth company and their middle school u program
count down has officially begun, 2 weeks til houston
very very very
why is comedy so ? because comedians are.
we live in a world where people complain &amp; post things to justify their laziness instead of getting up &amp; doing something to change it.
so when is the next klan meeting?
this generation sometimes
this is just ...like i can't!! please be in a hospital recovering and not inside that club shane, pleeease!!
love this quote
 , hbo, monday, frustrated, curb your enthusiasm, larry david, curb
this is intentional and has no place in college baseball.
how yahoo derailed tumblr
dear white boys in the big trucks: i know your compensating for your small dicks but tailgating will not help you with that   &amp;small
powerful. especially in light of recent terror attacks.
going to greenwich university for my spo psychology masters :)
wow. i really ate the last of the fried chicken.
i posted this before. but the happenings today really do feel like pieces of glass in my head...and my hea.
found a lovely gothic trench coat on ebay i might get
have a very good night, fellas
astonished to find 3 little boys aged 12 died on the 9th of june 1855 wonder what happened ?
so terrible.this reminds me so much of selena.a beautiful talented rising star like christina murdered by scum.
i'm gonna try to not buy any restaurant food at all this week and just cook at home. i'd save at least $50 smh
finally a very impoant project of mine which kept me busy lately is finalized, i can begin to so out all the other things .
somehow someway i always end up third wheeling
happy bihday to my husband!  i wish he had an excellent bihday!   bihdayjohnnydepp
just learned that there're men who find breast feeding repulsive. &amp; some of those are fathers! does that makes any sense whatsoever?
it's a helluva sta, being able to recognize what makes you  . -- lucille ball
uberrush is an on-demand delivery network      friday
now playing  :  ackroyd poppy - " aliquot" on     music song
i've said what i needed to say about this pastor and his followers
nigga beggin for po money
whatever your political views are just remember she was only doing her job
i hate summer so much. can it get dark out please.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
change is coming!
wth geraldo, what's next..majybe you can stick your finger in survivor's wounds...
pics or it didn't happen. got to see so many tattoo aists and ink masters at work!
distance yourself from anything that isn't useful, inspiring, funny, kind or joyful.
  national bestfriends day i love you bro
actually give my father his gift
the bast gift from the god..  father's day
[ig] 160619 maetamong: practice episode !fun!love!**...
a lot of blue seats (empty) in da bronx for old timer's day.
1 week until trip to georgia
boys play sex  womens
 he has lost it
always great comin hone to a coin delivery. as you can see  these fellas have come from nambia to be with me
the biggest diss i hear is oooo your dark ya and??.. that's not a diss that's the truth like seriously?? it's
i lost a foune on the pougal vs iceland game, had some concerns when they announced the big line up changes, still so much lost
you all look like 6-year-olds posting dictionary definitions of  &amp; acting as if that proved some point.
aww i was on tube and read about this service dog who worked at 9/11 and was the only surving dog from that time, i burst into tears
//i dont fucking understand why people just deleted their replies to me and stopped sl! i'm too bad for you? say it to me directly!
  father's day !!
my trust fund check is gonna be so bomb.
and if you feel like yo bitch getting fucked , then leave !    national sex day .
feeling rather excited and content today! brought a book for a stranger and got myself two in the process....so many books to read
the league should allow teams to dock players game checks. no one on gs but steph would be getting a paid for this game.
obv he had to be in pic too
 porn videos free nude beach photo
i smile at strangers &amp; the response makes my hea   you can see a person drop their walls &amp; you feel connected
omg bitch  i knew you was gone do lil kim .. actually look like a music video
all the best  yipppiii very
it's your weekend, do anything you want, i said--- he built me planter boxes
i work my ass off for my shopping addictions
tyler perry says backlash over his tlc show is 'reverse racism'
still waiting... pa2
angel and ariel are drying off from a morning swim, laying on the sofa. paschiel is just laying on the sofa.
 ness   bull hill climb: you have to reach the target to complete the task to survive. with strong excite
sentlel no offence but i find my self very bored on sunday afternoons i used to look forward to this day but now ay  for days
   list of yojanas of indian government 2014  2015 pdf
listening to morrisey this morning so all is good in the world   friday
which school dis ppl go sef? na who graduate dem?
that is a huge blow...considering the contents of the statement being alleged to constitute 'incitement'.
i don't get it! haha?
never leave nothing of value at a nigga house cause they gone be petty when you try to get it back
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
the springs and the devils den the only thing on my mind rn.
if i could make this much progress in 1 week, no telling how much i'll make in a year!!
i've finally decided when i go to university next year, after taking 3 years out, i will major in psychology and minor in dance!
game of thrones time
sharks won guys, they did it.
so i went to gilmore pchub this morning to buy a 1070 just to find out it's still not out.
today ended up being a great day.
road tripinnnnn with no destination
...she's back in his arms
so looking forward to the new season
not sleeping till i at least watch one episode of oitnb tonight.
  bihday to me!!!!
  happy bihday kanye west: here's your year in review on twitter: after causing absolute pandemonium i...
  happy juneteenth!: it was hard to believe--like a dream come true. even to this day, there is somethin...
thanks to my first followers, i won't let you down boys,
i love the view of sea in night &amp; waves drifting out in darkness!!i feel life in that moment.
instead of graduating i mastered the ability to drink whiskey like its juice.  how
ok i'm getting platinum white hair soon. it's so beautiful.
when someone reaches out to offer you a performance but you already have prior singing commitments   :-(
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
good morning nt and   wednesday to you!
&amp; these fucking idiots are running for president??
you know what makes it even worse about celtic fans making up fake profiles to speak to themselves about rangers. it's a saturday night
it's sunday switch off and tune in. take a walk, listen, feel, smell, hear and touch.
weekend with the girlfriend
today i saw a guy who looked exactly like joe jonas and so naturally i said "joe jonas?!"and he turned around but it wasnt actually him
i move in to my apament tomorrow.
bag of dicks!
canvases and pads ready, just a little bit more for the paints
sweet! picked up appointment near sorbonne for final night $$$ grab.
pretty classless calling him disabled....you don't know his story.
you determine what makes you  . nobody else can or should do that for you.
i thought you'd like this pin on pinterest...  i wish he understands   smile
can't wait to see this
depth, risk-taking and weirdness in female characters = writing / acting choices that need to be seen!
so   for the dog park!
"we're you leading them on?" -the typical response for sexual harassment in the workplace for females. like no i'm being friendly.
woiiiii that was the last one as well
 woman gets shagged by black man adult riders
  friday  its making you better  no matter what trials and storms that you faced this week. know that it...
happy life...please find me!!!
chloe put my my window on child lock and i'm feeling
when uncle rob comes over   childrensday
reggae sumfest launch right now .....we're     adahzeh will be performing at  reggae
changes for sheboutit is bout to take a turn!!! summer expansion is underway!   sheboutit will still be...
my favourite actress
lol, look at how fox premieres the news cast,  it's like a tv show, as thou they trying to make it exciting
i was gonna visit my best friend over in california next month but now i cant afford it and dont know how to tell him i cant come.
ryan gets to sleep inside his cabin tonight while my cabin is forced to "sleep under the stars" directly on his front porch lol
and now i present the wedding rings :) simple but awesome :)   :o
my tl is dead af bc most of my mutuals are in school rn
change is coming
   how to flash stock kitkat rom using sp flash tool
dang i clicked on this girls selfies cause she's cute &amp; im blocked :/
it's so amazing how it's hard for disadvantaged footballers to settle a team ,yet the so called wealthy pay bribes to be in the teams
it be negguhs out yur own way hatin, sneakdissin n shyt. but call you "bleed" &amp; "bro" b shyt.
morning  who's excited for a shopping day?
only the good stuff: multivitamins for your weekend [06.11.16]
today is going to be the hardest day of my life.
you can't beat the classic osaka colours!
you guys, i've never stayed in such a nice hotel. i feel so coooool. downtown nashville bouda get it tonight!!!
after my massage, i found out that my cavs are down. sana hindi na lang natapos massage ko.
one of the biggest aims from these retreats is true happiness with being you
woo hoo! congratulations!
beggers belief i know but its the kinder egg !, see on the news another gun siege is taking place now in texas
smiling because life is good rite now!!
  father's day dad mario santoro i miss you
  under publication my very own book "journey''
shit happens but life goes on. good bless   days
seriously?? have some respect!!
itune accepted vista
 chick gets fucked c thomas howell naked
can't wait for this :-)
this time next week i'd have finished work for 4 days, england will have beaten wales and it'll be stag do eve!
earlier
these hoes don't gaf about you or your life... that girl ain't been dead for a month yet and now the pay at g5  smfh
found my old pic when i just got my braces! left jan, right may
despite all the studies most diabetics i know would rather take pills than even try a plant diet for 3 weeks.  .
when you need someone to talk to and no one to talk to...
this guy is a lunatic. an angry....ignorant....and vicious man!
lucky birds for the weekend...
yeah after 5yrs .....   but its for the best..
doesn't the ball have to go forward from s kick off ? lol
filming with the bbc on our stand at rhs chelsea
and yet, you're still going to vote for him....
  pussy men having sex with food
can't belive the hockey season is over....
tonight we are young!!
  pussy free pics nude mature
  sex stories amateurs one wild
i hope it doesn't clash with got
this is when leftiesshow mental deficits of comprehension &amp; rational thinking.
 boob camron diaz naked pics
when u cant get in cause its 21++++++
ooh it's your bd ??   bih day nelly
and for her children to know when they are older that their mother died in pain because of some rag is just vile
anyway, weighed myself &amp; i'm officially back to 100.0 lbs. i lost every single pound i gained in the last 3 years.
series finale of house of lies tonight.
trying times for nigeria football,so   .
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i've not been low or crying my eyes out so that's funny to read i've been the complete opposite!totally over everything and laughing
good vibes tau for today .. 'coz 14th manths na kme ni bestplen :-) .    lang
tomorrow is the sta of a sub-chapter in my career.
after 8 yrs of endless lies, contempt from a  left activist, u realize with clarity he never came clean w/us
very impoant in the world full of violence!
i can walk a little, so my friends will take me out tonight after 5 days locked in the house **
no,we can see they have been instrumental in promoting false narrative &amp; abetting divisive blm agenda.
finding life inside the illusion. for d lack of any other choice.
pray for bran stark
today it's beirut and orlando. tomorrow people will do horrible things somewhere else. as long as there are people it won't change..
i never going to meet justin
there must be a clause in his baylor contract for personal conduct or lack of institutional control as the hc.
i hate rere
life isn't as beautiful as it should be..
if this is true, then it is shameful. how can national federal legislators belittle themselves in d us this way
  fathers day to all dad/papa/father/tatay around the world. esp. to my one and only papa. iloveyou!
love this book written by my friend alison, i highly recommend it. my son with fa's really enjoyed it too! &lt;3
  sex blonde free stepdad porn
  look: adorable kids of nfl players wish their dad 'happy father's day': it's father's day, which means...
most of my family just planned a trip to disney world in december.  but i'll still have class at the time.  .
congrats to all!! u too double auntie!!!
noticed how some things make you bitter? do this to be   at all times. sta by forgiving others and yourself
looked at eyes like a champion today.
free girls pic galery  girls fucked
i have only gone and found a tattooist who is gonna do my big cat sleeve and throat piece
how many friends you have ever but,the bestfriend is the best forever   national bestfriend
why did god destroy your face?because of too much inbreeding with your sister? hump the bible 1 too many times?
this is hea breaking, what has this world come to?
about to give this chance a listen, see what the fuss about
i can't stand a habitual liar man..
we don't need an election in 2017, we need a referendum for the dissolution of this pseudo state.
free creampie sex movies   dragon porn
how to be   even if things arent perfect now
why does this get so low key of a play when trump's foolish request to change judges got wall to wall coverage?
changes for sheboutit is bout to take a turn!!! summer expansion is underway!   sheboutit will still be...
lol damn daniel, when you have a mans baby and you still ain't his number one
officially made that white tiger to cougar transition today
weekend spent with some of my faves
eyebrow game so weak
that's a good dog
watching angry birds   birds birdsmovie
note: i was just able to pop this zit on my neck that's been there for days. i've beensqueezing it for days.
something i wrote on a wall whilst my mind was off with the fairies and the music was loud was 'run happy and chase joy'.
working on a new project, haven't officially come up with the name, but we aiming for the fall !!!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
today i broke my previous running record of 4.8 km .  new record is 6 km.
. very impoant.
what kind of name is "bezos" anyway?   people tell me it's a muslim name.
which channel sir
night guys, cool day with all the zelda and ffxv footage, but tomorrow i must study for an exam on thursday.
invest on people that last a lifetime.
  i keep hearing stories of sadness and i want it to stop. people make someones day! with a smile, a coffee, or just a touch.
feel so proud of everything i have achieved in se1
this is why we can't have nice things
what a stellar year it's been for
i feel so hard
we gotta stay humble sy...sike who i'm kidding, fuck the warriors!
i forgot my oj this morning.
girls these days
oh i love you thank 4 that. i love this country and i will die for our children to be safe   day in america
  hope i can get a ticket!
alice cooper playing z7 pratteln!
lmfao my dress looked better then sum tc girls who ain't even try smh but fuck it i ain't even go
i am happy that i get 2 b back at home with my family. my passion is 2 take care of them &amp; b there for my husband &amp; kids
today we have ideal air quality to go outside and watch things burst into flames...
  father's day dad!
ur gonna be a lawyer and you can't even win an argument against an 18 year old?
  hardcore sets nakedcurvygirl pics
finding dory tonight!!   :-)
  father's day to our real life super hero's no cape and super powers needed there love and strength unmatched
blonde highlights yes  hair
i'm a tx republican, orlando was a hate crime. the people at pulse were targeted because they were lgbt.
i'm so anal i can't get into bed unless my bed was made that day, and if it's not perfect when i get in bed i'll remake it.
i'm weak  3-2
some people don't want opinions like they ask for. just for someone to agree with them.
floating on frozen treats
have another beer, dave.
just received nikki + nate's contract for their wedding next may. hey, hey, hey... it's a bee-yoo-tee-ful day!! :-d
  sex blonde sex farm women
me before you, maybe i'm still crying over it
many congratulations - well done.
woke up 5 hours early for my daughter's 1st day at school.   lol
ole folks taking me out shipping for early bihday gifts
this wednesday at daddy jack's!  !
it's never too late - never too late to sta over, never too late to be  ...-
i have a feeling this weekend will be really good
having to dye my hair back to a darker colour for the wedding    gonna go for a dark brown lol
would be the best thing he has done yet
god made us bestfriends because he knew our moms couldn't handle us as sisters
yes you have. the biggest thing you've got on this week is picking up your dole money.
potato ok thank  bye, its starch like potatoes, 1987 gb phq sg 13671370 victorian thank science empire cooking,
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
well i want to be..
racism in america: 'kill obama' and 'muslims not welcome here' signs in new mexico draw criticism -
is it my bihday yet?   lau
motherfuckers got blood samples next! lol, u score one on the dudes and they get their fweelings hu....wow it's on
bot kitazatoshibasaburo found tetanusimmunization with his colleague but kitazato didnot won nobelprize but colleague won  is white
new website coming soon
lying on the couch watching a movie, with high speed internet    .....  watching descendants of the sun
the key to life.  thank you dallas clayton.
i miss when my friends played xbox    :(
we didn't know then, of course, that this would be don's high point.
that   moment when you press  for your own tweet!
shopping for my girl's bachelorette pay.
it has been one year since we met again and now, you're gone
in a nutshell.
its really hard to face the reality :( :(
free chat with sexy girls   hardcore anthems
hey guys i'm back and im really excited about wednesday cause my mom is coming all the way from utah. she is staying until my b-day
i think everything is finally coming together again
my thoughts and prayers and deepest condolences are with the people of orlando the rest of america is with you.
not every trump suppoer is a racist but every racist is a trump suppoer. this an irrefutable truism.  must never be tolerated.
apparently taragon is not a "christmassy herb"
  kwon soon young born day
wow! this is what blogging is about!
understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: you must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry.   saturday!
  hardcore anthems anal female
 care without carbon:
i guess some girls need to use a creepy man to pay for things they can't afford bc they aren't independent enough to get it themselves
sounds like a way too expensive mexican restaurant....
no fats. no femmes. no olds. no asians. no blacks. no bears. no. no. no. no.   we've become a community of no.
wow i'm on the other side of the world by myself
you got to spend money to make money. forever stepping out my comfo zone
 mindsconsole: you never know what someone is going through. just because you see them smiling, doesn't mean that everything is ok.
waiting for the arrival of my sister and nephew. oh how i've missed them.
oh so very beautiful! much love from (well, right now) london! xxx
despite my prior worries, i am so grateful that my work lets me give back to my family. even a little bit.
super sexy girls striping   birday sex xxx
gold, money, cars, sex, good body, perfect contour, big ass, black skin, wonderful hair, it's the new fashion  ?
tragic.   mass shooting in orlando.   if everybody in the nightclub was armed, much better outcome!  many news cycles lost to me!
 boob marathi nude women
behold "the people" er.. pithy club
we still live in a world where pregnant women, babies and children have to breathe in second hand smoke when we walk down the street.
don't hear enough about genuine dynamic public servants amongst our v average politicians
need these cushions in my life
why don't you take notice me
lovely day with all the family for father's day. now to snuggle up with my babe for the rest of the evening    fathersday
when she tells you she enjoyed the week
  teen difference between men and women sex
don't play with the girl
when pas of the gene pool fail.  !
first training counselling shift at childline tomorrow
maybe i need to follow some new people. my whole stream is s of aicles, no conversations.
this dude had 12 girls living with him and i cant find 1 to go see finding dory with me..
wow september 1 2015 me
when you're busy studies and you can't see finding dory and you have to be happy with other people watching it.
question is am i more upset about not being able to go out or not being able to vote in the eu referendum? probs the latter
this babe deserves more recognition
found the cutest t-shi dress today.
it's a shame on humanity's face the power is misused since beginning of civilizations to mark own benefits
weekend planed with my son .
where is your   place???
you are such a hoe, and don't care
yes these days they call stuff like this journalism
and thats why nba will forever be behind soccer, football, baseball, and hockey.   actually behind boxing tooo
we were here before such a bridge appeared. your denial of indigenous first people is racism. ergo, you are
the color of a human skin matters a lot to the system when it comes to judgement call.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i see the haters on twitter are commenting on every ramsey touch and even making up passes he didn't make to criticise him
this weekend is going to be crazy! haha i'm ready to do whatever i want!  pride
my sweet little pill!! numb my skin...
-mfs know more about what's going on dis weekend then abt they kids
my son leaves tomorrow for a month long trip to connecticut, cape cod, and jersey    i've never been without my baby for so long
pic1=mg: hey you know her.. was she..             pic2=ww:hemm!!
just when i thought parenting with my daughters mom was good she's back to being immature
southbound on the 101, headed to my big interview
year's may passed but your memories will live in our heas and mind.we love you   father's day!!
nervous to be leaving the country for a month ! i'm scared i'll get homesick
another gop myth up in smoke: good guys with guns might have killed some of the victims
  - 5,000 pigs burn alive in saskatchewan barn fire (video)
 , rage, revenge, liam neeson, sam raimi, darkman, peyton westlake via giphy
so i guess they were ain't lyin when they say "iyakhalisa"    watching tears of the sun
you could dap a nigga up not knowing he trynna get with ya chick
love how the closest people to you are the ones that turn around and stab you in the back.
the book will be out before the end of the month. yay!
 , oprah, blessed
tim peake.    ?  yawn.
so much energy freed up.  so much room for the abundance of life.
ohhhhh ya do you all know how chuckles will like and  his own tweets with his trolling accounts as well
i'm with you!
ive had my id checked by the police zero times in 8 months. of course, this discrepancy has nothing to do i'm a wh
seems like people only hml when i'm doing good or looking good
sorry everyone but it's sold already  thank everyone for helping out   trails
everybody making/sharing memes peaining to people losing their lives because of recent events. it's not funny. you're disgusting.
today i can relate to this.. i never give up , it was difficult to wait.. bt sabr ka phal meetha hota hai !!
summer is in which means good vibes!! try to keep a smile each day and see all the good things in life!!!
first day of school
i lost my phone :'(
speak out... this show love it
bad things: brexit, clement freud, orlando, upsta crow.  good thing: all the champagne i drank tonight.
what a disgrace :( poor kids already have tough life ...
not a fan of cav's nor warriors,but that was the worst officiating i've seen,great job nba you made it go 7.
every day i am in the mountains, and every day it blows me away how gorgeous they are.
my name in japanese ft. these beautiful flowers.
josephjett "fatherhood: nor shall you engage in aberrant social behavior, then call  that resultant disdain that is merely common
pope thanks god for the good and bad he trusted you   sunday
yup and no common sense gun control initiatives will even be discussed
like mj said "they don't really care about us" ....
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
did some accessories shopping today too - next thing to do is to get my pofolio done and do a photo shoot!!!
 , kim kardashian, crying
i need someone to lay on to
ohio in 3 days and then tennessee in 6 days
either this a scene from ya homemade movie or nobody got aim
what a afternoon!
sagarika hw mch mony u gt 4 stkng 2 anti modi stnd frm ur pol. masters..nw evn us cong s also modified.any shame lft
you have to learn that you're not gonna get anything by sitting on you're bloody arse and letting everyone do everything for you
so much fun recording this podcast with this amazing bunch of people!
so, who do you think told those dictionaries what  is?
jennifer aniston naked picture   hardcore music
alhamdulillah settle amik cake and pastries for my bro and ayah's surprise bihday pay!!!
just my focking luck!!   whos croatian? your havin sone
when you try your best but you don't succeed :(
la la land is  here's an idea poc: make ur own films with only u in em, quit bitching at whitey 4 being white
i won't waste my time on some  sob that has to plaster color on his profile blm  bacon lettuce maters matter on 2 slices of bread
nice big brave fellas these russian fans aren't they - charging in to women and children. all hell is going to break out in marseille
i have 4 fishes now!!!!   !!!!
been a busy bee but now sitting in the garden while miles davies provides the soundtrack
yessss chrishon
 video men and womenmalayalam ameture porn video
got 4 episodes of game of thrones to get through tonight
i plan on doing so much this summer but i know i won't
i get to see rachel today! :)
some people bore me...but im all smiles   vibes
  ioc's bach 'happy' with new brazil president's commitment to rio: rio de janeiro (afp) - international...
 , commercial, cow, chipotle via giphy
cases should not be treated lightly, the judge would've given this so called "man" a longer sentence, if he cared!
all the movies i want to watch come out this weekend and i won't be here
when u see ur first love in a bowling alley and hide in the bathroom the whole time   fathers day
because black is beautiful   thursday
one point na lang sa spemark and i'm 3.5 na sana :((( i only got 3.0 :(((
can't wait
let's pray for that family who lost their 2 yr old child to a gator in orlando.
you are so right carrie, when she went down for the last time her look said,  no, please mum, i wanna go now.  .
one killer = 50 dead. 53 injured.   somebody intelligent et responsible should sta to work on this subject .
yeah... euro 2016 staed   bunny
thanks sue, he's a very happy hound this evening
wa hoooooo can't wait!
he's doing it on purpose now..
it's a shame when you have no regard for your children. some parents of this world make me sick!
just been to view fab venue for our summer production of arabian nights - fingers crossed
10% off premium staer kit today + happy oiler handbook from me w/ purchase =
   quillpad- easiest way to write indian languages
when ppl think ur on a diet bcos ur not eating when rly u just hav no money to spend on food.
bring it on boys we can't either!
my sister ain't even know i was watching her argue with the nigga  was waiting for him too say the wrong shit
bihday + 1 year anny coming in july. best month of the year!
sometimes i'm just sad, soppy and gloopy, nothing goes well, serious stuff as well. what else to do, but to, you know, carry on
50% off food all day today.....come get you get a bite after work.   2410 cocktails 4-7pm
this was in regards to cosby. even w/the depo being released ppl still don't believe the victims
i witnessed this. kids these days- frank was slow on the draw
vegan cheat cake in the oven!
every celebration has a reason.   independence day folks!
atleast this week is going quickly. roll on thursday
some friends u can go months, even years without seeing each other and nothing changes. other friends just slowly become strangers.
this is sooooo  or may be just funny
i will die   for sure! since i am happy every day.
if you carry your childhood with you, you never become older.   kid
beautiful sweety
has anyone heard from the berkowitz's?
this wind is totally not cool for golf though
smooth new year's eve! marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
no matter how old this world gets. people are still dumb &amp; can't get over the fact that violence isn't okay...
so all of the cool ios 10 message things only work if the person you're messaging has ios 10, and no one i know doesssssss
just booked a table for my bihday in a couple weeks time!
picking bean up in 20 minutes
b.i.p yayo coming straight from my section all praise be to god be my only protection whenever i'm out stepping  day 5 rest up
must be a real kick in the dick to witness this for ya
positivity is a choice that bcmes ur lifestyle.so get up wake up n smile to mke ur day amazingly bful..  sunday.
tonight i experienced a mac n cheese food truck, made new friends and dominated in cornhole.
yes because apparently being qualified for a job is dependent upon your ethnicity
upset that i can't take a shower now cause the power is out
come and see us tomorrow in this amazing event, stall 4!! we are hyped and ready to rock!
first full on complete rest day in a long time, baked a crumble, first ever youtube video coming this evening!!!
so   i was walking near central park today and i got to meet the living legend jackie mason!  what a...
i usually dislike people who use pictures to get longer words in, but i am mad
3 - 0 belgium
trump has definitely lowered standards.   deepak chopra: trump is emotionally retarded, maybe mentally retarded
woo! i graduated, and got my drivers license all in the same day! luck was on my side
oh no im sorry
some days you need a hug. that's where marbella holiday planning steps in!!
i couldn't have said it better myself!   friday
when you are at the cinema and everyone laughs, and you dont know why, but you just laugh because you dont want to be left out...
hey everyone! on friday we are filming rita b at danbury beer festival..
need to sleep early pa tomorrow see you to all my friends in chong hua
sunday is where we see the most happy of users at public places
well i'm scared still
18 km in the rain along the thames. perfect sta to a sunday!
   rbi revises rules for resolution of stressed msme loans
and so the work on our new all-weather pitch begins!
it was in 2008
where is your   place???
i've been editing the video the whole night.   time to sleep for two hours! :d
contest day sunrise
i hope everyone has an awesome time, and drinks awesome shooters, and just sits around and soaks up each other's awesomeness
i appreciate all mums who have taken on fatherly roles.  fathers day!
i'm up in this kitchen ..... now this make me  ...... work at 4am so i'm
ain't no love in the city smh.
finished the gardening.....  !?!?!
staing my new job on monday..... ...
   american kills himself in taiwan couroom after drug conviction
this govt has a lot to answer they are very racist
sad..... so sad..... what a horrific way for that 2 year old to die.
hiv infection from oral sex  white girl has sex with black guy
  liverpool star: i am happy at anfield, jurgen klopp is great: i am grateful for everything liverpool ...
i seriously feel pity for sagarika ..it's difficult to live like this .
off to the cumberland show!
  'giak happy with fiore option': emanuele giaccherini would be 'happy' to go to fiorentina, but so far ...
rock n roll friday, studying, football and now smooth radio...
getting my braids done tomorrow ! :)
omg thanks so much today i have gotten so many followers
hey dave , what's your view on reincarnation ? any bible verses to buttress it if you agree
 , exciting, hell yes via giphy
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  so happy to be with the people that i missed the most and my
last week christina grimmie, then orlando, yesterday a british politician - where does the hate come from?
finally getting a refill today
  &amp; beautiful heabreaking story behind mysterious harry potter plaque revealed -
when i feel   is a children's story about recognizing, expressing and managing anger. male and
can't wait for the russians to give me a good kicking on thursday
  hardcore vinyls free mexican porno videos
my day is officially ruined! builders have come now to so porch/patio area out so i'm now trapped. no swim or food shopping for me
not very well thought out was it?
law requires a license to drive. anybody can have a child.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
sometimes i think: just shave off one eyebrow, and no one will notice your hideous fashion sense.
time to enjoy myself, and wait until i fall asleep :)  !
  after sex am porn
a lot of commercials about bullying during this nba finals game.
  alone at work :)
someone calm me
i know a few
i've got a potato!
meet kwangsoo oppa again yeahhh
i just don't know what say to england team..   you guys can't beat russia , even with all your star players.. demn!!!!!!! i lost
  come on england ...
  cbr at ubc:
barbaric, he should be dealt with.
heading to new smyrna beach ~ they have never seen the ocean before  !
are you going to the biggest music and family fun day this summer? tickets will be available at the gate!
i pray guys!!!!!!!! orlando!!!!!!!!
i am so   i love ashton so mych
hot girl sex games  white girl has sex with black guy
  fathers day to all wonderful fathers out there. this is your day to enjoy to the fullest.
i say we because i'm speaking collectively. i've always known. 2016 showed a lot.  and white rage is still...
people are only malicious and mean when they care or feel some type of way about you or a situation.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
3 assignments done 1 to go :d
i was only supposed to work 5 hours but i'm getting paid 9
  childfree and happy: frankly, i though it would be hard to one-up tony abbott when it came to a politi...
go. to. bed.
this moron is leading the us down a path that has so much potential to damage and destroy the world.
shocked by what's considered racist these days.
breen and steward little broke up after steward little was a poop and broke her hea
i feel sick. just learnt of jo cox's passing at the hands of a violent man with a gun. she died helping people. prayers to her family.
she talks about bullying .. and she is the most person who bullies .
jeff sessions tries to delete decades of ....
heabreaking development
happy father's day dad continue to rest in peace !!!
tgif! and a bonus friday because it's a public holiday in my hood
  11th year anniversary of michael jackson's vindication!
forgot my book at school
if it's true that some ppl  will risk their freedom for little.. it must also be true that a modest amount can buy that freedom back.
which one first? actors script or directors script?
bad news for journalism when my monthly neighborhood newsletter is down to 4 pages and 2 is ads.  !
now playing  :  ira stain - " continuum" on     music song
fouh place race across the west - 900 mile nonstop bicycle race    follow me on facebook:...
i chose to fix your hea by breaking mine.
i feel she want talking but she can't
officially registered to play slo pitch and soccer with the essc this summer... let's see how this goes
my fianc's brother and his girlfriend are moving in with us, hopefully all goes well.
vido nude   hardcore tracks
those replies.   is dead tho.
finally,after 8 hour my account stas working properly....
these kind of people need to be erased of eah''s surface -_- ,
ain't nothing like having your self confidence tapped into. my texas trip was more needed than i knew
having love relation is my thing that i've never seen in m y whole life even my parents can't do that.    life, still single! ) :
work is depressing me. why do we sell our lives?
big school board meeting tuesday. changes coming for wchs &amp; mbm.
i lost brain cells comprehending this garble
i laughed at my own tweet...
sad. sad. sad. good luck little boy.
my snap chat update    bihday to me
vacations are going to sta soon
so grateful for my sisters ! today's been tough, but always have to be positive about my results !
emotion wreck!
   goa may term national bird peacock as vermin
doesn't have enough time to spent.
see you'll guys in school tomorrow. back to our real n daily habit
 jokes about women penis humping girl
i can't wait to be a nurse
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
hey, i noticed that you're a workout lover, so i invite you to see my new app, it's called "my training" on apple
not give another nigga any time of the day .. nobody never textin just u
you know your life's sad when your boss says " he's gonna help find you a girlfriend"
hey i wanna go to plush anniversary but i don't have much friends
~just enjoying life.
wednesday i'll wake up on the eastern side of the hemisphere.
how if you live alone and you get a fever in the midle of the night? you just can snuggled down in your blanket until morning come.
kid throws 74-78. not like he has a future or anything. only 12 years old. winning &gt; health.
who cares if you dont care about me...?
thought of the day: "a   person is not a person in a ceain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a ceain set of attitudes"
tolerance, love, kindness.
arsenal, the club that sets itself to be ridiculed.
hey what the heck is up i'm really fucking   ho!
waiting for my camera...
[ ] thank you "annuairemidipyrenees" for the follow !
the whole weekend changes when you find out a friend is coming into town for pride.
thanks shakeys   father's day
happy fathers day to my everyday crash, husband and my everyday friend.    father's day to
the new house is looking amaze
waow.. this is the biggest it business deal of the decade..
song of the day!   dance
let me guess... the bon voyage thing is on vlive and it costs money... goodbye another chance...
anxiety is tweets before coffee &amp; watering plants then realizing 2 hours has gone by cuz ur damn foot went to sleep
you know some people come into your life, but some our put in it.
one of those days where i look at my life and am so grateful for all the blessings surrounding my circle and i'm so
we has fishies!!!
damn. four years later, and we've literally done nothing as a country to stop these shootings from happening.
today was such a good day!!!!
in dec, my waist size had crept towards 40. i weighed 229lbs on jan 1. today i'm comfoably wearing size 36 pants &amp; weigh 214lbs.
  fathers day make sure you take the time to call your fathers and sons /uncles grandfathers etc
yahoooo finally my one plus 2 get marshmallow update
before and after the park   hounds
what a crazy day but the residents loved the cake i made. :)
that moment when you have to cut a character....
greetings back to all of you!
hey look, my name is spelled correctly now!
let god be the judge you cant going around killing people for their own sexual preference
  fathers day to all the wonderful dads out there
good morning
early night for m ahead of tomorrow event       night all ;-)
i've been disappointed in a lot lately, and these baylor boosters are adding to that list. winning at all costs is not pa of humanity.
my father is simply the greatest man i have known and iam so proud to call him mine   father's day
very true.  passing a drug test to receive could solve a lot!!
thinking of everyone caught up in the pulse nightclub incident. america needs to wake up to domestic gun crime.
i had a dream we went skiing, but we never made it out of the lodge. then i woke up and realized it's june and skiing is 6 months away.
just burnt one of my fave cushions
he must think people are really stupid; otherwise, why would he lie so blatantly?  should neve be tolerate
"what it feels like to lose to donald trump"
look, xhaka and rodriquez both play the left side of the pitch, does this mean wenger will sign?
ohh no how?
thank you so much to all my 400 followers. love you so much.
who has two thumbs and a new job? this girl!
congrats on the hard work!!
only reason pre cal is going to be impoant in my life is because there are tests on it
i was doing a thread in my other acc and no one paicipated
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
the time is finally here !!!
happy bihday your majesty from all at today's asbury rd, peckham street pay   bihday ma'am
this is so sad...
finally wo agaya     :):)
ur welcome teammates! dance to the tune of joyfulness!
idk why women think they can have a mans hea when his hea is elsewhere
most of these imvu hos can't even do the no makeup movement challenge because not even their avis go without makeup.
can't wait to watch the conjuring 2.
 porn vids web free sex
we live amongst people who prefer honey coated lies to the bitter truth.
thanks so much!
first recital week as an alum and it's still just as great!!!!
currently leaving placement, week 3 done and now it's time for the euro's !!!
ku klux klan originally an arm of the southern democratic pay to terrorize freed slaves and republicans who sympathized with them
went on a recce to brussels today,2 trains &amp; a metro ride brought us 200m from the hotel. from where it's a 5min walk to the palais
rip to those who lost their lives in orlando.  blessings to your families and friends.
there's way too much going on in this world! the end is really near.
date went very well tonight.
heading to six flags discovery kingdom up in nohern ca in 3 days.
at the barbican for the premiere of where to invade next the latest documentary from michael moore
guys lie for no reason,not knowing half the time we already know or we just don't give a fuck!
seems like a lifetime ago..
crucible gives me ebola i s2g its like all the y1 trash players come out who just sit in spawn and camp and use the thorn again jfc
free porn thailand  white girl has sex with black guy
  ramdan to all muslims
ate all of my animal crackers and now i am
finally decided to do something i've always dreamt of!!!
when your bosses are actual angels
sex postion picture  white girl has sex with black guy
received my first mean comment today, took it hard, someone actually watched my video,thank you,
looks like i gave sanders too much credit last night.
watching white water
obama tells trump and the american people f**k you before he leaves (but you can't say anything  )
ride along with the sherrifs depament at 10!
  fathers day 2 all fathers around d world. i love u daddy!!!!
i have never seen a bigger choke job than game 7 of the nba finals by s. curry - wwe's seth rollins was so very wrong about cleveland.
last day of school! practice today, game tomorrow! gotta love it.  who's   ? haha abe...
one more class and an aspire lunch then i'll be done with school and i can focus on going away this weekend!
it looks like battlefield prep for the next election is in full swing today.
we love you back !
  father day the day we celebrate for our father of the nation
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i don't even want a boyfriend i just want some nigga to take an pick me up from work
  ayesha curry not exactly happy with cleveland's hospitality: stephen curry's wife and tv network star ...
i love the night of ramadan ...there is deferent felling in my hea of happyness  thisis the spirit of ramadan  ramadan
  father's day! to all living &amp; passed, we love you dearly! thank you for your love always.
collectors corner: angry birds
exhibition update: the agreement has arrived. a lot of reading to do &amp; then 9 bags &amp; 1 compact carryall with be off to shanghai.
how they klan isn't labeled as terrorist organization still is mind blowing. guess since its a so called christian group its alright
5 years is not enough. hanning is accused of bein an accessory ta the murder of 170,000 people in auschwitz. an ss guard from 1942-44
happy fathers day to all fathers, even the deadbeat dads
lawyer fees bills an no help... folks tryin put me back n cage n you want me to b   -how?????
take me to the moon
i've had a sneak peek at the content and it looks great.
have this feeling im not even going to need my alarm to get up early in the morning.
bitches wake up thinking about me and my daughter . y'all hoes really that mad at a child cus she got more than you and she pretty af
why do i keep getting scam job offers?
official selection in one eyeland
we tell our triumphs to the crowds, but our own heas are the sole confidants of our sorrows. ~edward g. bulwer-lytton
"mine as well"....
well... hockey's officially over and now idk what to do with myself
facebook is just a political warzone these days.
bhutan: the one time the indian passpo is good for anything
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i would never in my life allow my future kids to listen or look at anybody that does this nope!
  father's day 2 all the real fathers out there!!! hope you got a breakfast like this!!!
lebron do all this pushing but cry when somebody touches him
nice looking gorgious
. what kind of an economy boasts real estate as major factor?
i love you
at any given time that fouh emoji is on point .
  father's day to all you fathers and father-figures! thank you for being awesome! show some love and tag...
drugs got ppl looking like the walking dead round here
 , reactions, do not want, cheryl cole, pout, pouty, doesn't like
outrageous racism from rother dc. hope the families sue 4 failing to follow advice for a life guard &amp; causing the d
am not a morning person
when boys flight game be too weak !
stay calm...stay delighted...stay curious...stay innocent...stay loving...stay
caht por teen   hardcore anthems
poor poor buccos.
night lovely peeps  xx
nope!!! this is not true. data is readily available. you just have to request.
cracked my iphone screen
now playing ...
no matter what i do, my world is an empty place
the love of my life is back in 13 days!
wait lets do it this way someone has some suggestions that need to be in my playlist for my next streams
gonna watch now you see me 2 later
awwwwwwwwwwwwwww        cairo for president !!!!!
thx for the update.   the shooting was brazen. i heard the shooter was female. i wonder what the motive was.
white girls will never break the internet...
longest period of time i've been out of internet for at home. incompetent agent &amp; landlord. it will be 1 month and 1 week without.
when your friends give you pressies   cheered up x
now playing  :   - " la bellevilloise" on     music song
if you had suppoed the candidate you liked better, you wouldn't have to send this to a corporate shill.
never understand what it means when someone likes a tweet like this!   was a mother wife and person full of life
six animals killed because of poor parenting
at first i was so hea broken by slaughter of 49 people and the injured people in orlando night club...now i'm   &amp; baffled
all smiles lately
it's been this way for a long time. as an american, i am tired of being blamed.. our fault, our rights caused this..
at tha bah   hour
it feels good to buy some new clothes because of losing weight. i kept putting it off. being lazy.
last day at work for the week
talk about color palettes .
off to transylvania this weekend for a wedding.  going to be interesting
because you're a racist?
maannnn if this ain't the truth ido what is
simply no words to thank u dad  fathers day...............
praying for the victims and theirs families that where in the shooting in orlando!!!
  bihday sexy girl hudgens naked pics
everything has price these days
senseless killings all over the world almost daily. proliferation of guns still a worldwide nightmare. may the families find strength.
   india and singapore sign key agreement to boost maritime
i just ate a salad for lunch (again).. and it felt like it was the appetizer to a good meal
happy bihday!!!!  friday
va, boston, jersey then texass .. this summer is looking great
the girls that get no attention talk the most shit   .
rest peacefully in the bosom of the lord stephen keshi, you were the goat of your generation with the super eagles in both your roles.
sometimes you just have to let go
i wish, as well as everybody else, to be perfectly  ; but, like everybody else, it must be
nearly e3 time
it's thursday, it's sunny and my jam is on the radio.
this is so triggering
i'm in shock right now there are no words  can't believe  your gone rip fly high angel love  you so much you will never be forgotten
" god that created us does not even condemn us when we make mistakes. yet we go ahead and crucify ourselves.
ive had my id checked by the police zero times in 8 months. of course the discrepancy has "nothing" to do i'm a wh
tonight im about to cry because im 10 you have to be 15 to skrillex is conce and by the time im 15 he'll be 33 he might not contine
  pop culture happy hour: 'oj: made in america' and a quiz: this is our 300th episode of pop culture hap...
going to see 'where to invade next' on friday night, including live q&amp;a with filmmaker michael moore! can't wait!
this life tho..............
dragons den day
nothing says   like this cute little mug! meet my 3yr old camden!... a firecracker for
the less said bout my own province(mpumalanga) the better, we don't have a team in the elite league.
getting slim day by day   looking more attractive &amp; more confident     mee
when in your teamspeak channels are empty
you forgot russia since been betrayed by   trump and this has never happened b 4, putin will soon slit his throat.
couple drugs n raves really change a person
you me too
  sex stories sleep assault
days like today make all the bad days that much more wohwhile.
aurbnb is reminding me about my trip!   .
shid to some dudes , they dont care if you loyal or not  as long as they dip in different hoes pussy from time to time. they good
aaawwwww so cute
hot lesbian having sex  office woman
on top of sharing an email account, my parents also share one phone charger...
what's new in this? votes were/are bought as well!
i have so many silent black and gay friends who have nothing to say.
wake up&amp; speak up.flood mailboxes of politicians on all sides and levels of gov.lib/socialist agenda/ideology kills
happy mind, happy life.
really need to get some   buddha's like these for my garden.  life's to serious to be anything but,  xx
  wales coach warren gatland enjoying happy hamilton homecoming: wales coach warren gatland enjoying hap...
it's unbelievable the things people do just so they don't have to see you.
africa is dying just because his youth is leaving to go abroad and go develop other people's country....   what can we do?
looking forward to shooting my first wedding in a while this weekend for some wonderful friends from france!
i'm leaving happy. it may not sound like i am. zimmer didn't leave happy. in that sense it's much...
making big koves  !
got shafted out of my cure ticket by a friend :-( oh well i've seen them live before i'll live but my friend can go bite her ass :-(
staed the day by throwing a pint of juice over myself   friyay
waiting for p.m narendra modi ji to come in allahabad on 13 june .....
looking forward to visiting my councillor tomorrow. someone said to me, if you go then he'll go on a long tea break.. felt   hearing that
wow what a beautiful day !! come and have some family fun in the sun.
see. this is the issue with rappers not living the life they rap about
when someone says 'i'm not a racist, but......'.
wish i was surprised
  socks friday. dont ask how am i doing rather ask my
a great combination!!!
remaster. remaster everywhere.
damn i wish this orlando shooter shoot me&amp;killed me.i'm dying here on cancer anyway.these young ppl.had still their whole life in front
janab...kyun like spree de rahe ho..?? why why?
congrats lola!
to all of us whom have immigrated from third world countries can definitely attest this nation is moving towards becoming a 3rd. world.
10 fields to consider if you want to be your own boss
off now for 9 days  ibiza on wednesday
are your employees  ? it will have an impact on how  your clients are
so earlier i had a garage sale in front of my house.   kumita lang ako ng 30 pesos.   but at least my kinita pa din right?
off to bed and reflect on whats happened this weekend,queens 90 th bihday over shadowed by the violence in france then the shooting.
if you're not   with what you're doing, you'll never be good at it.
so   life way to so  mum-of-two fiona fraser passed away suddenly on sunday morning
see you in september lizzie!
god i thank you for making me to witness this day...all i have to say is thank you lord..
 twitter makes me.
pray for orlando .... stay close to god always.
a really   tweet
for what love whithout proof
"you're the only person who can make you  . you're as happy as you choose to be." -rick warren
peace.   ...?
headed to the beach....  i shall bury myself in the sands and write epic music under the glorious sunset skies
when hamilton slips through....
pls.like my post
awesome -- it's the rare wildly hyped phenomenon that actually lives up to the hype.
the most dangerous thing in democracy is we choose leader with trust and then they form a govt which never follow the democracy at all
throw them a pay , give them gifts.... and tweet them   bihday with us !! &lt;--------
le mans pit lane is the place to be for any motorspo junkie. only a few hours to the sta now.
country is a genre of music; hitler probably enjoyed music too. when will our generation wake up?
so so   the legend is gone r.i.p
how can your own family members hate on you...
30 minutes and counting until frimjob
  'plurality of israelis happy yisrael beytenu in gov't, but not with liberman as defense minister': mor...
i need to watch attack on titan: junior high to feel better and calm myself
work is over, the day off will come.    moment of my own.
i either sleep too much or dont sleep  at all..there's no inbetween.
who fuckin coat?  ugly ass lmfao
kabee catfish   spicy
i think i'm making some progress over here
my little bro may have just beat me in basketball
people outside of venezuela should do something. we should do something about it!
why are white people expats when the rest are immigrants?  ?
mine and dads mark x
always   to share good things!
tonight i've got my first ever gig at angel comedy
see you tomorrow paris
unlimited yes unlimited yes unlimited yes unlimited yes e vai se fuder
lularoe... feel happy, look happy, be  ! what makes you happy?!  click on the link in my
shrek 2 is on
wawo nic gud  bless  you
thanks for writing this doug. buying it now.
niggaa would fuck over they boy just to hit some pussy
feeling so so blessed today. (can't stop crying )
decided to watch old james bond movies cause they're less violent than reality
hows stuff like this still happening in the 21st century? what was the point of the civil rights movement if people
it takes a strong man to be a father.  and an even stronger man to be a grieving father.   fathers day
oh dear
 naked woman mo fo sex
heyy, i saw that u are a workout fan, so i ask u to test my free app, it's called "mytraining" on apple
bad players make us  .
more nonsense &amp; idiotic rhetoric from the gop nominee, as he gets more free press &amp; no pushback from the "fair &amp; balanced" network
   india third in global dope violation in wada repo
watch them not even have what i need ! answer your phone! i'm wasting my lunch for this shit
  bday to all fathers!! ..  we loved you all
  fathers day to all fathers
when i have more followers on instagram then you have on yours     night
  clock of the hea: happy 55th to boy george: in the early '80s, when england expoed new wave and s...
ref: paul brown stadium hamilton co. cincinnati "never overestimate the intelligence of the voting public"
let all remember, honour &amp; celebrate the lives of those who made it become renowned   youth day
people don't know how to respect a relationship anymore
when you get your hair cut + colored it makes you feel good
y'all all on bron dick but if he lose y'all gone be bad mouthing dog
getting ready to go see my biological dad
fuck boys. i spilled ranch sauce on my pillow.
i have 1 homegirl
really not ready for my week off to end. too quick. ho hum.
i just stepped in a puddle
dont have to lie about the food im eating anymore  that bitch has 5 kids and cant cook for shit
be happy, always
tryna stay up so i can go sleep early tonight.
got my in n out... life is complete...
i gave her my hea. my full of it and she have just played with all my feelings...
i love you dude
now playing  :  rick wakeman - " the lone sailor" on     music song
genuinely excited that i've just made my own mini meringues!
love it when you do your eyebrows and they go fucking perfectly
but no one to text
today is my last day at the language college, i learned a lot and i met amazing people... one year and a half later, this is it!
no sleep &amp; a double at work
wtf is that shit about?
who's ready to see who we have going through to our miss england final 2016? results to be posted!
lol at the   replies to this.
istg the kids in the cinema yesterday had ????? faces when there were lines connected to finding nemo
page 220  yes! finally proved my innocense im free to go.. as for madec i will let the judge deal wih him as i do not bare seeing him
safe travels lads
yum we ain't eating the tumor tho
my laptop's broken now cant binge watch criminal minds on netflix
  bihday naked man nude women at water park
my hea &amp; prayers go out to her family &amp; friends
i've had 3 perfect days in a row got 60/58 on my final, got installed as wohy advisor, and got to see my best friend again
mint oreos aren't as good as they seem.
wtf does dory die in this move
suddenly staing to feel real now i'm finished both jobs
sparky toes
father's luv knows no boundaries as it grows healthier each day...    father's day
oh but you need this to live cause something dead &amp; sick can somehow sustain life i forgot
i saw a firefly im
obama/jarretts who agenda was to destroy everything good about this country and inflict even bit of hate
why? because the repo the nof/phc placed in the public domain is an incoherent mess.
are you just takin' the piss now or
got my dad a spain fabregas jersey &amp; got myself thiago
really good advice!
real mexican porn   hardcore anthems
this is what happens when a race feels superior to another one.
my pay is such a success
battlefront 2 in 2017 with new trilogy content, 3rd person star wars game from makers of dead space in 2018
exciting do you have a launch date yet?
  after sex harry potter adult versions
now playing  :  ackroyd poppy - " seven" on     music song
it is truly sad. a who lot of working class men resent being offered help by a woman. evolution still has a lot of
   current affairs quiz  february 4 2016
only in guaynabo you wake up with the sweet sounds of a chipping hammer at 8am on the only day you could sleep in.
2 days left before my bihday wow im so
  download happy slow cooking pdf mobi epub fabio iacono: happy slow cooking principi !happy slow cookin...
this guy is special
nothing says   like this cute little mug! meet my 3yr old camden!... a firecracker for
our baby was due in six months. then my girlfriend said she'd met another man   beautifully written
will sleep early for tomorrow's first day.   good night!!
  2b hardcore chapter 3 tiny junior high teen nude
vomos rafa will miss wimbledon with a wrist injury ..
i am trying to cope. why should this affect me so much? perhaps being too engaged with the news is a trigger.
happy ramadan month
science of stupid on nat geo
 my sentiments exactly! this is not just a war against minorities, this a war over control and how we should think
driving down to the moniaive comic festival.
  fahers day ! aameer baap !!
these stills that vic are sending me are incredible and nothing is edited yet
  sex stories women's nudes
  father's day to the single mother's cause these" bitch ass niggaz" can't even get a job or paid bt wana date
you make me   :)
ok.  this logres book is getting interesting.   .
because i'm  .  it's hour! from 4pm-6pm today, get 1/2 off cocktails, wine, and drafts. see our me
could be buying a new car today
packing for move back east is nearly done. wife/kids have 24 hrs 'til plane takes 'em away from l.a. for good. i'll join 'em in a week.
this is completely random but i can't believe that our country's two presidential nominees are a racist bigot and a hypocritical witch  !
i havent ate no fast food/ home cooked food in 3 days nothing but junkfood
i think i would just skip rio this time around...
donald trump seeks to change the news cycle from his latest racist remarks to banning a newspaper from covering his greatness
onyx liverpool tickets on sale monday
we're delighted you're making the trip
  because my bff jehna just broke up with me just so she can be with her "boyfriend" and they did not kiss/date
what is terribly wrong with this picture?
i remember when my phone battery lasted 48 hours. now it's literally dead in like 3 hours.
happy easter everyone!
hard to think how  is still very much prevalent in so many societies. if you're not white, rest assured disc
left wingers are literally either lying to themselves or willfully ignorant. they're inundated with such degeneracy and have no idea
embrace the moment. congratz to all.
when you have no other option but to give up that thing.
bihday coming up so excited  ! yeah
  news coming in of a youth getting drowned near siliguri.  as per sources a teenager who had gone for...
about to buy kylie jenner lip kit
whether a woman is running for president or raped after a college pay -- the only thing that really matters in what she was wearing.  .
big day tomorrow
  after sex ana beatriz barros nude video
 a deeper look
it's brooklyn's last v day of school.
all boys don't become men.
have a   friday!
  father's day to all the dads involved with york schoolboys
might film my first ever youtube video tommorow \^^/
scientists are against ! but only if the child is less than 18 months old...
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
hot bath  tv on my back up phone  a cold drink
i'll be there today lol
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
made an awesome pork in oven... and my daughter eats everything but the pork.
  naked girls official website fuckwomenoffice
  600 days purfles
um why a girl and not a boy? or maybe just gender neutral teenager.
sex videos of chinese  against women in the workplace
oomf be ready to fuck the next bitch after a break up
heyy, i saw that u are a health lover, so i encourage u to test my new app, it's called mytraining on app store
millions of people will go to bed tonight and wake up with a stiff neck, headache or numbness in their hands.
are you a little   ?
well it works on the winter blues  via
alapoet: if  pisses you off like it pisses me off, here's something you oughta know... this guy's a racist
now playing  :  lubomyr melnyk - " nightrail from the sun" on     music song
 , commercial, cow, chipotle
after the orlando shooting, this photo is not as funny- :-/
i don't know what the point in twitter is i'm just talking to myself because no one even likes or retweets my tweets
this looks like a really wonderful option, especially to use with students who need accommodations.
you can't help the damsel if she loves her misery.
i'm going to hell for this
an old acquaintance found murdered back home. the attack in orlando. the mass murder in roswell. not even mentioning anywhere else.
no kinder eggs? are people actually still officially allowed to think for themselves? or is that banned next...
anyway, that's what i was chillin here thinking while i grubbed some agua chile and had a foot massage from the love of my life.
it's euro eve
preach pres preach
happy b day
  hardcore anthems naked babe in sweatpants
k so someone who works for the retailer i work at actually was in the orlando shooting and it haunts me because she's pa of the team
 , crying, natalie poman, barber, v for vendetta, hair cut, shaved head
i keep blocking news such as the toddler killed by an alligator or the woman who jumped from a bridge into the river holding her 6yo..
powerful  father's day!
 ...gosh that just made me cry..
ugh, i can't wait to get home! making steaks! they've been marinating all night and will be all day tell i get home tonight!
i wanna watch conjuring and me before you, but no one wants to come with me.
just realised its fathers day omg   fathers day to all dads out ther
.god speed gordie. rip
the fact that we are even having the conversation about hillary as president is very troubling. where have we gone as a nation?
bob ross is a freaking genius. prussian blue is my favorite color. thank you netflix!   trees
coke headz really nead to stay out of my circle! its crazy! seem like everyone is doing that b.s these days!  ...
where to sta...
sta training week in the morning. can't wait for the opening of our buffalo wild wings!!!
lol i get to be a business woman tomorrow and the day after that and after that and after that
the squad summer camp end of week trip is all booked.
 office woman porn blue tube
  anal sex gallery humon n sex
instead of a united front against the gop nominee who is a racist, tyrannical  liar and sociopath i've been arguing with other dems.
thank you card from viola   makes our morning when we get these happy customers who love their hair!    ...
good night.   =)
sad to say that the warriors legendary season is completely tarnished lol 73 don't mean shit without a ring
decided on the next lens i want, and it's basically the same cost as a mogage payment on a really nice house
good morning guize have a nice day...   tuesday morning.
  owner &amp; thairapist:
room ain't been clean since i came home from college
40 points bozo
policeman cheats on wife. mistress kills wife. mistress gets life in prison. husband goes on merry way with no consequences. beyond  !
drinkin my coffee &amp; listening to a story bout how hilary clinton defended &amp; set free a brutal child rapist. knowing he was guilty.
way to go, pizza
holy shit i miss my girl so damn much and its been like 3 days since ive seen her what the fuck
funny how you read someone's tweets and you feel like you've known this person all your life...
them heels are devinely sexy, love the metal heel :-d
24hrs passed &amp; i'm still too angry about this  to coherently talk about it.
i'd eat all of him
yall animals are cool, but the lack of sympathy for a baby child who was attacked by a gator while walking along a disney reso beach
ok but like imagine tristan as batman
we hope you've had a   euro 2016 day! that's it from us till monday, for 24/7 breakdown &amp; services help pls call 0345 872 8630
my one year membership at noh cypress finally ended and i joined planet fitness two months ago and haven't been.
even if 1% of delhis population have been sensitive enough, there would have been no need to tweet this.
exciting evening. award ceremony where i will be accompanied by mr. p &amp; we are staying at the blythswood square hotel as a treat!
shit guys  is lie
waiting for first media comment to downplay impoance of orlando shooting because, hey, lgbt poc so obvs not impoant.
it sux some people are disappointing even before you meet them..most people are just full of themselves/shit...
booked my hair appointment
  hardcore sets nude video sample
so sad ones
deah of data in the nigerian health system.
nervous and excited!  !
i'm a lazy christian cause i don't think kids should be taken for thought crime and twitter posts, lmao.
oh and i lost the earrings i'm wearing in the last post.
black fucking rapping sexy women   bihday nude
honestly women is there something wrong with you ...???? you really are jumping up to defend the guns already
on the nose: perfumer sparks  furore
its pretty depressing that am graduating in 3months n i dont look forward to going back to nigeria cos am scared i may not get a job.
life is a series of decisions and choices and one hell of a great ride.
new job day!
it won't david. the business world suppos narcissists and abusers are attractive to many on a cry wick level
see as cavs just waste my fuel.
just got 2 videos recorded today   :d
otherwise i'll get my (way) less expensive one first
so only 200 families were "temporarily" moved to diepsloot in 1995.now diepsloot has 800000 shacks &amp; still no proper houses?
transsexy naked  boob
y'all really don't be having nothing else to do
   irda gives nod to lic to invest in psbs
you too donald
i've been " on my way home " for like a hour lol
mana andharilo unna common qualification ! manaki mana father's ante ishtam   father's day
wildlife weekend
once they stop talking to you, they sta talking about you
can't we show some decency about jo cox's death? i think the pm has answered and it's a resounding no.
we all deserve to be happy.
well i'll be!
thanks to dom, either my body fat is slowly decreasing or my muscles are finally deciding to come out due to his workouts
google censoring free speech! gateway pundit, pamela geller, who else has been censored and who's next?
he loves yoi so much
  rozay have a blessing month
my silence doesnt mean that i quit it simply means th   is doesn't mean forever cause there sad story when the happy is ending
 naked fat girls russian sexy girls dating
so we now want it dead? hmm humans touch animals, but woe dare an animal touch us.
 very true! we have come so far and still such a long way to go! ...
will be sadly missed x
  after sex adult swimsuit
?i enjoy seeing the movement of animals?
a had a dream that a winched harry styles last night hahahaha fuck sake a couldnt even winch perez hilton if a wanted nvm him
that's it i will finally sta to plan my trip to europe.
kad raya still relevant regardless the advanced technology kan. i tried to find the musical one takda dan tak banyak pilihan
darn imessage for android isn't going to happen
i'd give anything for his touch or hear him say "don't worry i love you everythings okay"
it's not just our country but what kind of world when you can't go to a club or even a meet and greet for a singer and feel safe
  bihday balayya..  you r legend..
bought this mysterious beauty to read to my class. going to get them to vote on which story i read first.
rain, cereal, coffee, naps &amp; daniel are what my sunday consisted of
thought about exams, now i'm feeling
somebody tell me that children aren't happiness... i can't recall when i was smiling &amp; laughing so much &amp; feeling this   b4 in my life
perfect = spending late friday afternoon en famille w my wonderful husband and little boy. a little crazy, to be sure, but perfect.
good luck tomorrow
today is anna frank's bihday - she woult have been 85 .imangine a world without hate we do   bihday anna
what?! no!! loki has been seduced by a fucking succubus! the damn succubus of all succubus!_
mother daughter blowjob  white girl has sex with black guy
i am so determined to find halo top creamery ice cream in vegas and none of the places on their store locator has it
throw back sunday
&amp; u can't deny that ppl's attitudes change on how u look &amp; what u wear or whom you're with !  thats why ppl change!  to get attention
kind of happy, listening  to my own song.
i shouldn't be happy.  uploaded another poem on wattpad! check it out! link's in my bio.
just one more shift left, unit i have two weeks off.
countdown to paris... 2 days...
a take no prisoners attitude is okay when it comes to murderers. all people and organizations should be accountable if a murder occurs
bobby's in father and i? coooool.
so beyonce' just gonna go against the grain and not release her album on spotify but drake did...
will never stop suppoing you. love you lots&amp;lots
oooh so sad rip uriah asante, football will 4ver miss you,my condolence to the family and da big oak tree.
i think it's funny it takes death to unify people...
i'm looking forward to speaking and connecting with the strayer university students tonight in phoenix, az.
delicious desse  friday
just like that.....  father's day.
the more you listen to the news there is no answers just sadness for such a reckless act    world
have a great day dad   father's day
my ass is bigger than any girls
their lives were taken because they were gay!
  but not for dlc  :|
i'm feeling like i lost my ability to raise hell on twitter.
thought you was happy, but you turned me out.
a mother can take care of ten children but sometimes ten children can't take care of mother.
 , crying, natalie poman, barber, v for vendetta, hair cut, shaved head via giphy
  fathers day :)
you can pretend you're not fighting for the non-living while attacking people's constitutional rights.
its hottub day!
  to see aunt katie
tomorrow! can't believe i will get my first tattoo
can't wait to dust off our dancing shoes, caroline! :)
family feud? i thrive on it, bitches.
we have 13 new episodes coming august 3rd on syfy. simply paing ways after that. the future is still bright.
i honestly wouldn't rather be anywhere else than ridin down the road, with a beautiful sunset comin, listenin to some luke with pals
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
good luck! :)
kid free night tonight!
hate when u make bff's on a night out but then forget to ask their names and u never see them again
so i think i got it figured out moving and trying something new couple more weeks then see how it goes like it were staying
i may have to unfollow these accounts that post rpers complaints.
i guess this was the night stephen king was in town and i wasn't there to see him. i probably shouldn't think about that too much.
what a beautiful soul! put a smile on her face and send a card!
glad it worked well for you!!! please let me know what you use and if i can help!
we all need to switch to the competition tumbler or vimeo. fuck google
what's happened to orlando??? it was a vacation destination! now it's a death sentence for lives &amp; college careers.
 names for women best nude blonde teenagers
the growth indicates people r actually liking the movie :)
the best pa about staying up late is getting
i actually had a good day at work for the first time in a long time!
  my ex-wife is angry that i'm happy with my new paner: i am really happy and treat him as my own. i c...
it's gonna be such a long 47days without bernice
contact college dean, find out about intern 2 create new site &amp; upload vids. free 4 reference/wk exper.
princess eugenie caught up in 'racism' row over white actors playing chinese pas
coffee on tap today....it's going to be a looong day
  monday blessings and peace
happy feet! happy girl! reviewing materials for calls while sitting in my sunbeam
we're having the best day ever!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
my baby will be here in 6 hours
  father's day..!  shout out to all fathers around the world..! we appreciate your love and
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
maddy is gr9 but she won't take music suggestions from me
2016. the year hooliganism returned to our football stadiums.
i beat his ass now we laying together ...
you make me miss my sho hair yo
the only place i belong is...   i'm staying right here.
hope im up to the challenge!
bitches is wild yo! no self control, no nun of at....
bri doesn't even bother to text me anymore   tweet
i didnt get one booty pic for my bdaay brah
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
won on the water but bullied by the event organiser
  11thmonthsary alden and maine at s adn"
today is my last teaching day at nohampton academy. wow! now off to daventry to be a hod!
so gritty    happy joy joy [v live] exo_monster_music video
mere words don't express the sadness in my hea for the loss of the 2 year-old. may god comfo the heas of all in this loss.
i've been listening to selena and kumbia kings all the way today.
loving my life! can't wait to keep living it with my best friend!   :)
as an american citizen should i be more afraid of rapists or gun nuts?
lucas delighted after his subway!
wish you a very happy sunday   sunday  holidays weekend
i will be so happy when i get my penny board
here's what ignorance &amp;  looks like. it ain't all swastikas &amp; burning crosses...
do i have that much of an impact on your life that you go to the extreme of blocking me ! how about don't add me in the first place
so much harder when it is someone so young. every time i saw her she was so full of life and had a bright future
coroner: ex-nfl rb phillips' death was suicide
tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow!!
did the tables turn.. ubt isn't letting je see babs.
visa is approved  zomg
so easy to make woman  , but only sma men understand that.
true,people don't give thanks that they are lucky to see today..they think its a must.
walking into school without jayln for the first time since last year and  .
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
sigh. i just wish people would read more.
iaint never trip that's why i'm where i'm at
bank account sitting pretty
yeah it lions good on you...i don't remember what you look like with hair lol
anime website is down for maintenance
  hardcore techno remix tight shaved pussy
looking great tiffany x
san francisco for the next 2 weeks
i don't know...maybe those two things go hand in hand....
lebron 6'8" and no post game!!!
to say i am in complete shock would be an understatement. people don't know me as well as they think they do.
make everyday count  towards a healthy life  * have you had your shake today
we're also not upset we lost because we won by any measure other than a , useless appendix of government tha
g'morning it's   friday! make it an awesome day!
i live in nyc and don't see a lot of ove racism. i was disappointed to see how much there is on twitter.  must never be tolerated!
the only way for you to stay relevant is to open your mouth, and tell other peoples business .
only 10 countries in the entire world are not currently at war
 video men and women in bed without clothes candid videos sexting
national news-channel playing an old youtube video of a girl taking heroin (drugs) through injection in ludhiana. is this journalism?
nra continues to do so much damage out of greed for power &amp; money. nra are the true terrorists. all homegrown.
burger. beer. football.
feel sorry for all the lads gone over to france for a good drink and to enjoy the games with all the "football hooligans" causing chaos
he was investigated for terrorist ties twice before. he was known to fbi and police as a terror suspect.
all these damn mix kids only cuz the parents want they kids to have good hair
using multiple acc's &amp; pretending as if we can't get u   you're not sma enough to fool people coz illiteracy
now you see me 2
 video men and women in bed without clothes nude mother son sex
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
news saying cities are in high ale. i think it's time that we stand, as a country, in high ale. this happens to often to not be
well; there ends another week and great teamwork. soc refresh, board update and mentoring again.  weekend work: fraud investigation
the uk government's new 'anti-semitism' definition conflates racism with valid criticism of israel - open
ayeeee ok! thanks booski!
sad songs can actually cheer you up
attack her chinguas~ &lt;33
is alfredo's woh the 20 dollars woh of food i had to buy just for them to deliver it to me..?   life
you will all be compensated, as promised.
cannot wait for this rain!
 em so excited en i just can't hide it
i have never been apa of a face swap.
first tweet lol
fair &amp; lovely effect...
i usually post large photo appreciation posts on social media for it but im glad i stood back today and remembered how blessed i am.
it's best to make choices that will help you keep a smile on your face. whatever genuinely makes you  , that's what you should focus on
if only i had someone to wish father's day
what's going on with the world?
  bihday naked man free porn kiss
  letbno man steal your joy
its been years and months. i love you!    monthsary &lt;3
fo woh pastors say officer's acts in viral video arrests were racist
when your homeboy got nothing but new level trolling for you
may his soul continue to rest in the bosom of our lord
one time cole nicholls and simon henderson said i dress like i have daddy issues   fathers day
can i tell some thing in our hea............you a beautiful thing in the world
if the gorgeous day isn't resonating on the inside for you, give us a call.  there is such a thing as summeime blues!  613-238-3311
being   wont give you longer life, study says
in queue with basket of food shopping, 50's guy says "give us a smile". think my response was a first by the look on his face.
my friend just gave me this!!!
heading to mass today with my boss to head to the trade show ...
you been fell off honestly!!! too busy hating on other producers &amp; how your selfies look on social media and done lost da sauce!! smh
that's crazy how you give 12 yrs of your life to school.. and just bcus you don't have enough of this n that ..u can have a diploma
about to crawl into bed with my love and my new best friend and watch a movie until we all pass out.
thank you god
all thnx 2 almighty god 4 granting me d grace 2 see anoda yr added 2 me in peace, joy and happiness.   +1 to me
it could have been us!  liat channel orlando mass shooting di snapchat really break my hea     [pic]
my dad is usually loaded up w snacks and today he is not and i am truly
my dad the diver.   fathers day.
so true!! pll b angry &amp; hatful just becuz they want 2
loosing punjab bjp and badal family is very upset - now rss to keep of country interest in mind to avoid bjp and sad
i love roses special the red one's
another  comment on social media!! idiot!!!
aladdin on the tv today on my bihday then aladdin in the theatre on thursday for my bihday
how do some of y'all promote something you can't even find a ride to
every time i'm back in georgia, i never have enough time to link with everybody..   face
make mans jus calm down and kp looking at those mumus....
wherever you are, whenever you maybe you know that i still love you forever.....  mode
lol since u were complaining    father's day !!
 girls in the world jgirl sex
really annoys me when people put their hand on their chest for the national anthem. it's not the pledge of allegiance, come on america
  slapping porn irish girls pussy pics
i guess the judges did not pick flourish cause they have a voice like that on their team already!!
a small, very small, pa in a movie being filmed locally!!!
well,these sewer rats don't take a cent from me,....i don't use to watch "football",......but now,i hate it!
clap along if you feel like a room without a roof  because i'm happy!
my whole life..
if only all the money spent trying to convince us someone is racist, was instead used to help bring people together. trump in the dumps
my first time doing studio work and commuting to manhattan at 9 am depressing. line too long at dig inn &amp; sweetgreen 4 lunch
such a long day...3 matches and 2 victories! this one from the single semis where i beat esperanza 60,76
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
explain your actions. netanyahu you  can not claim discrimination when u do it yourself to others.
i'm not so orlando...
rumbo al work
just waiting for john mccain to announce he is suspending his campaign and headed to orlando to solve the domestic terrorist crisis.
not even a single shahzadian wished me!
write your blog posts in a google doc before wordpress.
hot naked mexican girls photos   girls naked
after two weeks of suffering,i'm back
where are all the single hot dads at?   father's day
i swear it feels like these strap-on &amp; dildos are gonna replace us men soon the way you women have forgotten we exist     bye bye mankind
i try to take breaks from twitter/news to detox from violent patriarchal misogyny- &amp; ppl who think it is up for debate- &amp;then this?!
smiles are contagious. smile at someone and see if they reciprocate.
 tzuyuupdates:  myohmyouisonim: happy bihday to our tall-maknae  may the force be with you-da
kinda enjoy cleaning
yeah man fuck feminism
i thought we had it together but well
let my crazy out way too soon
airfare deals: southwest airlines $49 &amp; up -- southwest's biggest sale of 2016 (one way)   travels
wow , ranveer is getting the award ?
tonight left me inspired to sta writing music again.
when you order a margarita and it's pink, drink it before anyone see you drinking it.
i agree with bernice the items are precious possessions and should not be sold only handed down to next gen.
i'm assuming it's football not rugby
fuck shit is this!!!!
love him more than anything
got to say i am rather excited we only have 4 more work get ups till morocco! two weeks of sun swimming alcohol and food
how am i going to give lacrosse lessons to this kid when i can't even play lax myself ://
such a user!
you can't take your phone like wtf no selfie with lauren
they don't even understand when they are being mocked for their ridiculous conspiracy theories.
this orlando shooting is fishy to me. since when do police raid a place in 3 hours? 50 people seems like a lot dead, from one shooter.
another great night
tired to film today, then the dark cloud of doom came, now i have no light!
i've lit the fire. more to cheer myself up than because it's cold
just how i like it. *puts shades on*
"there are thousands* here!"  *empty seats
density experiment. we made it!
the weather is crying tonight
is that 49 or 50 less in the world
i thought lesbians were suppose to be good at oral.
so this is what brazil felt like in the world cup.
when you get pussy before you go to work
the magic's in the music.
for the 1st time since 2006, im not playing in the omaha metro summer league which stas tonight. my body/health issues wont allow it.
black men and black women with stockholm syndrome
omg  so sad
the amount of bullshit posted on the internet by complete nut jobs is insane. i scratched the surface on their ridiculousness today.
trump: if elected, i'll ban immigration from areas with terrorism ties....  i guess only people from antaica will be permitted.
sara is almost home after a week apa and i couldn't be happier right now!!!!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
  prayers for the loved ones.
i'm feeling reclaimed
isis bombing: several killed by suicide car bomb in holy iraqi city of karbala.
how utterly pathetic. wish ali was around to beat this person senseless.
i be making people so angry wit me &amp; ion even bee doing none mane  theyy be so mad fa no reason.
"today is here" -everyone going to blast
now playing  :   - " velours poussire" on     music song
funny...i'm not the least bit  ! about it.
ah w'd rather be happy than  , cuss it all t' tarnation. varejao
  hardcore vinyls jaime pressly nude pics
literally had to delete and reinstall all my apps  but everything is all updated!
  sex blonde japanese sexy girl video
 that's why
just want to wake up in alex's arms
3 days left
here i am looking at my calendar thinking he was coming back in 6 days. then i looked it's 4 days
i hope my future goes the way i hope it does then i'll be on my own
last night in my old room, can't wait to move into my first flat tomorrow
nothing more than sat on a train on the way home after a long week!
happy bihday andisa
it's new car day!!!!  !
hey peeps !! how are you doing ?!
this could be such a beautiful world if we took better care of it...
50 dead in florida nightclub shooting, worst in us history
morning birdies
he's a scumbag arab lowlife that is problem selling family photos to the highest bidder/repoers
  couple having sex amateur sex scandal
good afternoon sweety!  send me letter
how many people died via radical islamic terrorists under obama's watch?  he is redirecting the blame to trump
in the works:  a new hymn for satb and piano, words by james montgomery, para. of psalm 72!
indian food in my belly and sf coconut coffee in my hand
today my father is  not with me really missed but i pray allah protect all these father's who's lived   father dat
hard to reconcile simon's musical genius and his politics .
i'm at the hairdresser's... new colours in.
feels nice to be back on tweeter
yeayyyy..dia follow back...aumm aumm..
went out to some club tonight out here in the bay. safe to say, fuck i miss old town thotsdale. i really do.
damn we can't have friends that are still in highschool ?
that streetcar was a bust.
"pulse nightclub" in orlando under siege! yet another mass shooting with at least 1 suspect barricaded inside. ere we go again  .
thank you &amp; same to you
"goodmorning penny"   asf
seems that no one is talking about gorilla mom now that alligator dad is in the news
it's cuz you've forgotten your biggest fan.. no responding since so many days..
why? please explain to us why we're, "bad."
hello there my love!  i will be glad to see you here
beware  in marketing tainting messages
"i'm gay." -- something a 'hacker' would post into someone's account -- so, does being gay equate to humiliation/embarrassment pa rin?
  four tet isn't happy with soundcloud: after reaching one million followers on soundcloud, four tet sai...
girls withholding their children from the father , merely because he no longer wants to have a romantic relationship with you .
  ramadhan /\gresive lover's  [pic]
the nba wants to push this to 7 games.  notice curry isn't taking shots.  too much money involved anymore its not about the spo.
nude teen play  for women in spo
have you ever gotten left out of your own date bc same   :(
  7 stories that made us happy this week: 7 stories that made us happy this week. 0shares. reprint. subs...
this looks like molly's old boyfriend, gunner!
good morning i woke up this am w/ a bellamy brothers follow all these gifts from snapchat of g and b
right now, everything seems to be falling to its rightful place
i graduated university and still managed to somehow use the guys bathroom.
omg i loosed my homework
swimming time!!!  bihdaymomy
poetry for comfo from grief  share your memorial ofa loved one
i swear the nicest people get screwed over by others
smile and be
my mom gave my trampoline away without even asking me
10 things that made me happy this week  10 things that made me happy this week
i just got some great news. today is a great day. hope who ever is reading this is has a good one
"the blacks"? "the blacks"? "blacks"? *facepalm* *smh*
happy wife, happy life
today's garden love
wife crashes her own funeral, horrifying her husband who had ordered her killed; community turns against her
omg so its national best friend day or whateva and my bestfriends are miles away from me ok wow i'm
europe proves that "diversity &amp; multiculturalism" bring violence, rape &amp; ruin to our white, western countries.
  father's day thalaivaa vijay bdayspl week
my father is my hero   father's day!.
i spit water on my dog now he's ignoring me
  sex blonde free online white girlvideo porn black step dad
exciting week next week. go live decision is a green for monday with a very impoant client.
my mom just told me i'm to make a build a bear
  father's day to all the daddy's in the world....love u all.....
yo swift watched try and make me uncomfutable
they ride every wave bro..
that is why  is systemic, rather than just humanity being human. it is power and reinforced each minute!
if you can put this up here,  you can as well mention the name of the person
yea that's what racists usually say
o m a y g a d
being a good dad stas with being a good husband. being a good husband stas with the fear of the lord. god bless us!   father's day.
well back at third shift again, but mr and my girl are hitting it up tomorrow!!!
today is a very very special day
definitely needs that vacation soon..
ben simmons gonna get drafted by the 76ers lmao
you all think you're his number one   :(
i've heard in presidential debates about isis, vladimir putin, and the lgbt rights, but none will address the injustices towards blacks
food makes me ridiculously happy. i'm having pink lemonade, a hot dog, &amp; a soft pretzel &amp; i'm on cloud 9. it's the little things.
countdown for the company mv appearing soon !!
woman in cou on racism charge
 danky the slob everybody (green shi) has the audacity to say my wife looks like a bulldog. look at this kid...
god can turn around any situation.  sunday
cooking lesson on-going... then, i want driving lesson...  who wants to train me?  two-wheel driving muna tapos 3, then 4...
i want hug him
  exercise weight loss
absolutely disgraceful! this makes me so fucking angry, they are scum and they make me feel ashamed to be english :(
 , 30 rock, tracy jordan
it's sad when you make claim you have no legitimate proofs for.
for me its hard to keep my mind off this slaughter in fl. i try a lot but it always comes back in my head..its like nothin else matters
jo cox has died as a result of injuries. may her soul rest in peace.
can't wait to graduate from my taxidermy degree!
wtf is wrong with florida?!?
i wonder why we bothered moving bk to essex?! no1 eva comes to see us, no1 eva asks me to go out at least in kent i did my own thing!
  hardcore compilation uk hot teen
mazara seems like a good guy. too bad he's on the rangers. another year on this team and he will be a thug. that's what happens to you.
oh damn.. his childhood was so fucked up. he don't know how to be positive reinforcement for his own children
last day of summer classes!!
one of the sad moment is when when i couldn't concentrate in my aayat had to close it
21 in 29 days cannot wait
its amazing dat d same set of pple who wanted gej's head while he was president hv been giving different offices, yet dey can't perform
new video shows how  this guy  and how he staed to abuse and humiliated an muslim guy
simply the best !!!
huge black dicks porn   pussy
finally got new pandora charms for my bracelet
ooooh snap!! dey gettin yall out there too? dayum!!!
for real??? how legit is this??   sana di hopia
  father's day to all over the world
  couple having sex bisexual webcam movies
  fathers day. may you spend the day with the most impoant people in your lives, your family. and, may there be lots of barbecue.
i want an enchilada and i can't get one tonight and i go to camp tomorrow so it will be at least 5 days until i get one.
enough watching golf for today. tomorrow will be fun. and   fathers day to all my daddy friends. enjoy your day.
see the difference??
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i didn't make it to this list
  bihday respected sir
it's gotten to the point where spos is more impoant that humans in america.
and i  can't see you my friend bc i'm so sick ..
a week ago today i lost my cat and i found out at this very time 7 days ago. i still have her things.
  father's day to all the proud fathers in the world! long life and prosperity.
dont ask sad people how to be  .
i cannot wait to visit pittsburgh
  hillary clinton shifts and says she is "happy" to use the term "radical islam": washington (cbs news) ...
from our pastor. join us tomorrow at libey city church of christ. morning worship 10am, afternoon worship 5pm.
it's friday tmrw and there's no new episode of greys to watch.
i pray the lord either saves the westboro baptist church with the true gospel, or crushes them for the sake of the true gospel.
decided to get jeff and i tickets for the new tules movie tonight.
an positive quote to have a nice thursday: life is like a mirror if you smile at it it smiles back :)
seriously what is going on with 2016?
oh my god  poor baby
everything i've seen about this game so far makes me feel like they're doing things right. can't wait
i wanna go shootin w.my bro in ut, when i go back next mth.
links from twitter used to be free
ready to sta my new job!   iew i dont use hashtags wtf
hobi's face looks like 'omg, this is a disgusting experience'
now playing  :  alexandre desplat - " river waltz (piano solo)" on     music song
tomorrow is my bihday   bihday shaterirunnels
orlando, fl has taken so many l's this week
awww yes i love it
hard-core gamer goes mental playing bo3
ak420 friendly media (550 cr adveising) doing all effos to suppo diy game of ak420.  shame paki gangsters.
omg. the 4 letter spos network keeps track on how many baskets stephen curry makes in warm ups!
relaxing because my weekend is about to get busy!
when you're hungry af &amp; tired af at the same time so you have no ambition to go get food
what you gonna do?
now playing  :  fariborz lachini - " soghat (solo piano)" on     music song
pens fans are
when sisters love their friends more than their own siblings.
boasty tuesday last night....
president mahama, sadly, lost his dear mum last night. my condolences to him and the bereaved family.
brookelle bones longporn   hardcore compilation
look at what's landed on my desk this morning
like msian opposition and their claim that bangladeshis voted for bn. no evidence yet people believe it anyway
google has bn racist for ages...d world is just catching on...
amen   but true  man is the worst animal on eah
sometimes i feel that i have given too much rights to others to take decision about my work that's why the are not responding to me...
happiness is living in the moment...
the title of my autobiography.
we have no more privacy, no more free choice! yet everyone is satisfied with this way of life
it's almost impossible to find an lgbt friendly university in texas with a good music program...
lauren deserves the best. she's such an angel and she always does her best to make others happy. some people don't understand that...
the finals and new gambino in my life all after an amazing weekend
everything is looking up
finally got some more headphones &amp;&amp; it feels like i got a whole new phone
we're gonna watch conjuring 2 today w/barkada!
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
day 2: shawn has a little sis! aaliyah! ( seriously, i wish i was his sis...  ;( )
  hardcore top 100 best ever nude descending the staircase no 2
tomorrow i might have a first date with my future ex husband &amp; large divorce settlement...just playin  im
"she made broken look beautiful, and strong look invincible" - -  ariana dancu
tragically we have yet another cat who is upside down. researchers are still unsure how this can be resolved.
i would like to say happy father's day to my heavenly father ....   father's day to all of us dads real dads...
but not reading my dms!2!2!2!2!2!2!2
just now watching season two of daredevil
niggas know they took us from our homeland and denounced our ways as savagery..n we still some jesus praising,  name brand dependent ppl
i forgot what day it is. i'm at chick fil a
my first steps in the sahaja yoga ^_^ &lt;3 ^_^ &lt;3 i am so happy and amazed !!!!! i love meditation (sun)
can't wait to sta boxing
i need to wait for my hair to grow longer before going black..  omgggg..  i can't wait...
the alt-right movement is like:  mustfall
  father day
loving the about page! put some viva zing into your life.
resiliency for life: why are you  ?
ict exam today
whenever am late, traffic will be heavy. vehicles always coming from opp side just as i am about to do an oveake many times..
mr wings has a 6 page spread in a magazine that has just come out and is all sad because he isn't the coverboy lol
woke up this morning 2 the horrific news fr orlando .i don't give a fuck if u r straight or gay or goblins with green hair no 1  this
i love shift dresses. so much. but that's the one dress you can't pull off with an hourglass figure. hips &amp; shift dresses don't mix.
you disgust me
the house that for months had a bernie sign in the yard is now sans sign but the car has a hillary sticker. subtle concession?
my sleep has been so good recently:) im
i couldn't agree more!
love being gagged!
they have to ... everyone's carrying it - they just doing something different
no matter your 'opinion' , hate has no place in this world.  it is time to teach our children to respect.
  for tomorrow i'm cutting my hair
when all ur besties are spending the day &amp; night in newcastle and ur off to work
sold out 5 weeks before the event!!
he isnt attracted to asian women. sends me a pic of a korean woman and says they all look the same passing it off a
when you see a fine ass guy but find out he doesn't eat the box and you gotta throw out his potential sheet lmao
  too - can't wait, first ever experience of watching polo.
next rotation: operating room
it's really happy to be in a relationship again. finally in a much better one, than the first was. :)
darling if you wish me on poal my name there is "sexy404"   ==&gt;
the new spider-man game looks really nice... but i know it's going to play like every other spider-man game ever made. ever.
  farm fairy crafts:
 sex top 10 porn video
  world ocean day
should check out the cityplace fb group. lots of repoed potential bike thieves on it that residents come across.
horny australian women   pussy
i can't believe how much i used to care what people thought of me now i'm just like "lol fuck u, fuck you and  wtf fuck you too, bye"
oh, no! lois duncan died. i met her a few times. she was fascinating, and nice. loved her work.
cow many days before touga boulevard plays genk on stage???
via: ckkosho:  koshobar:   clients - makes us !  back tonight again! doors open 8pm! ckkosho
children often smile at me... it's like they know i need it. or they just think i look funny. either way,
  days porn movie filme pornor
can't imagine the horror those parents went thru watching their toddler eaten alive by alligator.
oh dear!sorry for your loss ivan.may her soul rip
in the past year or two, i can't recall a more depressing day for news-watching, opinion-reading and political speech--on all venues.
when u find out that a friendship means more to u then it did to the other person
 , cool, syfy, faceoff, really cool, this is really cool via giphy
congratulations deepu di!!! we need a pachay now miss engineer
happy anniv +3 bts   bts day
cops giving tickets when they didn't even see you do anything. glad peoples lives have to be so shitty that they have to call us in lol
about to take a shower in my new shower !!
niggas cheat on pretty girls to go be with a nigga looking bum ass bitch
what happened in orlando last night...i'm lost for words!  my thoughts are w/ the families of the ones lost.
 , exciting, hell yes
some girls make finstas to post slutty pics they can't post on ig
  days porn movie srilankanboyssex
i hope this is going to be a good trip for me. i need a different atmosphere!!
this week new me new hair new new body new mind new everything ....
lizzie mcguire is on
yo read this sick   poem i wrote about 2 yr anniversaries or whatever
9 months later.. i am back to my pre pregnancy weight and a pound less!
  um satellite camp: harbaugh happy to be in nj, a new battleground: paramus, n.j.  when jim harbaugh s...
just booked a 3 week trip to america in august; colorado, nebraska, wyoming, south dakota and alabama planned so far
rip, big boss, s. keshi.
and the press would have you believe bike racing is too dangerous? thoughts go out to the victims in orlando
goodbye 2016.... i definitely hope we leave behind
i have to admit failure. my computer problems blocked me from editing today. i will explain in the next episode i shoot, i promise.
beware of the "snowball effect" black men. they're not our women
hold on whatever keeps you
yes...obviously it's raining...but some people tend to panic on the streets causing accidents while rushhour
18 and still a spoiled rotten child lmfao
boss makes a dollar, i make a dime, that's why i poop on company time.   popping
zionism is  .. ultra-ohodox jewish children's worksheet says 'non-jews' are evil
malia shake that ass! you so fine!.....pass the blunt
  couple having sex sexy teens working out
3 more days to go!!!!!
damn orlando not having a good week..
so sad. literally if anyone wants to buy me a plane ticket to nyc before this happen i'd highly appreciate it!
america isn't racist. their are a plethora of reasons for someone not to like obama. you're ignorant in many fashio
holy shit. how do you even run a national presidential campaign with 70 people?
staying off here today. can't keep reading the same tweets that are send after every tragedy. we need change, in a very bad way.
watched the episode with a shooter and there has been so many shooting this month...
breaking: people are still the worst.
every time i'm baby free i can't help but fall asleep and catch up on my snoozes smh smh smh
the hype is real with e3 just around the corner. what surprises are in store this year?
so i guess colombia will go against peru !!
new cut tomorrow
i'm convinced that one more round of thoughts and prayers from our congressional leaders will fix the problem this time.
  hardcore forums prejudice against a paicular gender or sex
so national media chooses to broadcast the funerals of ali, and michael jackson but the real heroes (our military) get no coverage
a lot of pakistani twitter folk make out like they are totally liberal &amp; open minded... and having any so of deen imaan is "uncool".
ode to depression | infusing reality with hope
after an hour of walking and looking for something i could buy, i just ended up with these.
feeling blessed parin :)
my dad thinks i'm "crazy" lol but he's crazy too    father's day
  lost or lose
america has become a reactive society! when pressured we do whatever  .. stand up and be your own person and not be pressured
a little more adjustment &amp; finish the painting all over it be done.  got a vision, create it  xx
  hardcore vinyls index of bisexual
  after sex watch best porn movies
in spring as snow melts i am disgusted by litter in ceain areas; who are these people that litter all winter?
  father's day! &lt;3 cheryl  (lol by dedicated to cats, picture via cheezburger)
listening to classics like bill withers serves as a good reminder of how much we broke instruments, voices and killed all dynamic range
school days.  .
no cock out though.
i have some good news: i have a job interview this thursday. i'm very excited because it means i'll sta my internship next year.
good news i'm getting a car
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
some great feedback received today "thank you 5 stars, i'm very pleased with my backyard 'unrecognizable' would recommend to anyone
sad songs can actually cheer you up
and there will be no more teenager in 5sos
play volleyball later ;-)
thank you tina.
my voice is so small at times i get stern with my 3 year old and she'll look at me like.. are you serious or joking? lls
  bihday sexy girl laura love sex
  snails &amp; botnek: stream snails &amp; botnek - happy hour by snails from desktop or your mobile device.
have a great evening!
br? r u still here bothering and huing me? michael never hus me....but u always do...
off to mor 101.9 station
  my girl said she never had a nigga to wear lingerie for  smh she &amp; i'm younger then her!
you not who you really say you is
diabetes,  cancer, pneumonia,  kidney disease, hea disease ,,, what the heck is keeping this poor man alive?
 girl get fuck bondage leather girl
it is a potentially depressing situation, with about 6 weeks left to be positively reversed!
colors that remind me of palm springs (collection), lily pulitzer, palm beach
 jccppgh "here's a jccp shout out to dads out there who had to put up with us saying "are we there yet?."
|   congratulations!  | |    a major achievement to get onto their shelves &amp; uber clientele exposure  !
 chick gets fucked crazy european sex
as relevant as ever
golden state rallies around draymond green, the mad warrior  for it to even be considered is truly mind blowing
  to think that there is only 3 quaers left in the nba season
after 10 years of somehow failing to grow cerinthe, i have my first flower...and many, many more to follow
 white girl has sex with black guy girls nackt video free online
bullshit an essay still get an "a"
sad to see so many fake warrior fans. especially when you were a laker fan a month ago.
  happy 3rd bihday, noh west: celebrate with her cutest pics with mom kim kardashian!: the daughter ...
yes..mind you not only counting you have to find them... very few hospitals are digitized.. need to improve hmis
love this weather so much!
i guess this comes back to a resources thing &amp; possibly even a confidence thing? should be a cracking game.
aww yeah it's all good bing bong bing bong
i'm only   when it rains.
i muted her because if she comes back to say something sma and inconsiderate about me all because she can't learn to love herself...
i love edm so much :))) can't wait to get logic pro in the future
morning little guys,  see ya later
final grades are in.
2 sleeps annual holiday to spain
we are too!
 taeiriya: [fanedit] happy 24th bihday to my only moon taeil   taeil_th taeil_thailand sonofthemoonid
  hardcore anthems couple sleep naked
please don't forget to use the word ! that is what "binds" these men. we can never ignore or excuse that
so much   shit going on in the world... . 50 people. geeesh!
one of my worship experiences today on father's day included 13 references to the holy as "father" and none as "mother" or "parent"
when "brundlefly" is the only way you can think to describe your nose hair status to your wife.
   the complete list of indian olympic medal winners
smoking a black in an eno
i want some cereal &amp; ain't tryna get up
what is the world coming to? are massacres going to be a way of life?
steak night at work means a night off training, shandy, tv, chocolate and knitting.
 .... because i choose to be.
i feel horrible just watching my brother being sick
what an afternoon!
ugh i'm trying to enjoy my happy hour drink &amp; there is talks of politics in the bar can we guess what they are discussing ugh!!   hour
want to know how to live a   life? do more things that make you happy and less things that make you unhappy! it's that simple!
love island
you're surrounded by people who love you (even more than you deserve) and yet, why are so hateful?
 makes you ask yourself, who am i? then am i anybody? until ....god . oh thank you god!
listening to sad songs on a monday morning otw to work is sad